answer
"there's a general belief in europe (and in fact elsewhere in the world, such a china) that it's unhealthy to drink water with a meal because it dilutes the digestive juices. wine is ok because it stimulates digestion, and mineral water are also considered digestives.. . in general, european are much more concerned with the digestive process than americans."
"fill a large pot with 1/4 full of water or just enough to cover your lobster and add a generous handful of salt. when it come to a boil, put the lobster in the pot head first. then boil for 18 for the first pound and 10 minute more for each additional pound. for lobster over 7 pounds, 8 minute per additional pound is enough."
"knock on the watermelon (just like you would knock on a door). if it sound hollow, it's ripe."
"tougher cut or meat with more fat. these cut will stay juicy and become tender from the long, slow cooking time. pork loin is not the best choice for slow cookers."
"possibly because african royalty used umbrella a protection from the sun, and opening one in the shade wa considered an insult to the sun god. opening it indoors wa also taboo."
"bubble tea is a drink that is a mix of tea, milk, sugar, and giant black tapioca balls. the ""bubble"" refers to the foam created by shaking the freshly brewed tea with ice. it is also called boba tea, tapioca tea, boba nai cha, pearl tea, milk tea, bubble drink, zhen zhu nai cha, tapioca pearl drink, momi, momus milk tea, qq, etc."
eggnog is a popular wintertime drink. we do not serve eggnog only during christmas. it is also popular on new year's day and some serve it on thanksgiving.
"european butter ha a higher percentage of butterfat. that's why they smell so yummy, e.g. plugras."
"salt is traditionally added to the rim of the glass to provide a sharp contrast in flavor to better experience the drink a a whole.. the difference in the salt and the sugar content in the alcohol help to stimulate all of your tastebuds, which are divided into sector based on the type of sensation.. take caution to not over-salt the rim of the glass and thus coat only the outside portion of the rim around 1/4""... getting salt on the inside of the glass risk modifying the flavor of the drink."
"parkway doesn't refer to parking a car, it refers to the greenery or parkland landscape next to the road.. . the driveway isn't necessarily meant for parking a car, though many people do. it is the path you drive up to get to the house."
"well, from wich perspective do you look at it? in my opinion, physical reality incarnation are done for the purpouse of spiritual growth...""body is a car, soul is a driver, you"". aside from that, i believe all is devine, in other words, all is god, source, a some say it. i also believe that each seek's to reunite with source... :) take care, love and light"
"one can argue that in order to become an answerer you first need to be an asker- how would you gather a more then common knowledge information- you need to inquire, thus ask many questions. only then you can answer other's people questions.. . so- he who want to become an answerer must first be an asker"
"it wa originally added a a way to 'stretch' the coffee,which wa very expensive. eventually people became accustomed to the taste and began to prefer it. it is now added a a flavoring. it is most often associated with the city of new orleans and beignets."
scoop-like utinsil that is used to scoop the meat of fruit in ball shapes.. . see link below for an image.
"your son wa made truly special by god. it can be difficult for you acceptin that he is homosexual, but remember that he need to feel that you still love him, because of whom he is, his sexual orientations, doesnt change the bone that connects you both. if you are having problem acceptin his homosexuality it would be good if you talk with an specialist (psychologist) or join a group of parent with gay children. any of them could help you come closer and understand more the feeling of your son."
those who do this have no respect for other's religion or personal property. it's just the world we live in...sad to say.
that would be a really neat twist to thing but i think his fear will win in the end. draco fear voldemort more than he listens to his conscience.
perhaps you mean lagniappe? if so it mean a small bonus or gift...
"sauce is a very generic term referring to any semi-liquid condiment that is used to add flavor to food.. . ketchup (or catsup) is a specific type of sauce that consists of tomato puree, vinegar, sweetener and spices, with the tomato being the dominant flavor."
"i think sometimes it's hard to express our feeling openly, but we feel more comfortable expressing them in a note or letter. sometimes i prefer to write a letter because it give me time to think about exactly what i want to say. also, it's fun when you know who wrote the letter and they don't!"
"this can not be done due to sanitation laws. there ha been no inspection of your brewing facility. also the liability issue is huge if you make some one sick. many home brew club share beer , but this is doen afterhouras at a bar or at a person house."
"3 sunny side ups every morning doe it for me. i use a smiggin' of cooking spray in a non-stick pan (i know that seems redundant), and i slide the egg out of the pan and onto my plate. yes!!!"
"""since 533, the new pope ha also decided on the name by which he is to be called at this time. pope john ii wa the first to adopt a new papal name; he felt that his original name, mercurius, wa inappropriate, a it wa also the name of a roman god. in most cases, even if such consideration are absent, pope tend to choose new papal names; the last pope to reign under his baptismal name wa pope marcellus ii (1555)."""
if you want something blue just add food coloring but i wouldn't do that often because it may be harmful. it is meant for food not drinks.
because it's cheaper than buying. or for the thrill.
"the reason for life is to live for god all the way. or if your asking why are we here, then i'll have to research that one."
"a the previous responder say, it mean ""in absence"". this is most often applied to trials, where a person can be indicted, tried, and even convicted without being present. because of the sixth amendment's protections, this is very rare in the united states. it usually can only happen if the defendent failed to show up to the trial."
"because most girl were stylish uncomfortable shoe all day to feel pretty. so at home, away from the judgement eye of society they can be barefoot and comfortable."
the first law of economics: supply and demand. low supply + high demand = high price.
"if god created a great angel with no free will, he will only have a powerful, beautiful robot. remember, it wa not just lucifer, but 1/3 of the angel a well. scripture seem to point out that all angel are given free will to choose. however, they do not have access to salvation like we do while alive on earth."
"there are many good recipe for aple pie but there are also some important thing to remember that are usually not in the recipe. that is you should make sure the bottom of the crust will bake a well and not remain soggy. to do this, coat the inside of the crust with butter before adding the filling and place the baking dish on a dark metal pan so the bottom will get more heat."
"for different people, life is worth different things...for some, it mean having a successful marriage, or having a healthy and happy family, or having successful children, or having a huge house with an expensive car or being on everyone's a-list or having a high-powered job...the list go on and on. each individual ha to figure out what his/her purpose in life is and try to fulfill it."
"one of the basic feature of language is that it change over time a people speak it. american that came from england spoke like englishman of their particular class, but then they became isolated from england and both group of people had their language evolve, but in different directions. similarly, french, italian, spanish, portuguese, and romanian were all originally latin,and the ""accents"" and dialect became totally different languages.. . mass communication, like television and movie probably slows this process down a great deal."
ask the minister. it varies. some church do not charge if the person who died wa a member.
if u have young kid u want to take them to knotts berry farm or disneyland. if u have older kid take them to magic mountain during the spring time. go to san diego for sea world san diego zoo and wild animal park. it is real beautiful down n san diego
easy: someone who love's jesus more than you. :o)
"mouloukhieh, is a redolent stew of chicken breast. simmering in a spiced broth of cilantro, garlic and mallow leaves."
"i think it'll be quite difficult to find a nearby british food shop in ohio. if you're willing to travel a bit for it, you might want to try the strip district in pittsburgh, pa (ethnic food are always plentiful there). if that's not feasible, there are numerous website that sell exclusively british food for a relatively decent price (comparison shop)."
"since you posted this in the ""languages"" section i assume you are asking why some language are called ""romance languages."" the romance language are the one which are descended from latin, or the language of ancient rome. the most important modern romance language are french, italian, spanish, and portuguese."
"there is no such thing a ""christianity"" that catholic do not belong to. christianity is a pretty big umbrella which cover roman catholic church a well a protestant faiths. christianity is simply faith in christ, and is a cornerstone of the catholic church, just a it is most every denomination.. . this is like asking the difference between american and ohioans."
"opening milk and exposing it to warm air activates bacteria, causing the milk to spoil more quickly, even if it is refrigerated.. . milk can also spoil if it hasn't been kept under constant refrigeration. to be sure that the milk you buy is perfectly fresh, sniff the top of the container for any sign of sourness; even cultured product like buttermilk should smell fresh, not bitter or sharp."
"your meat grinder is probably coated with tin. spraying with pam will not really help keep rust off, in fact it could trap moisture on the metal, and you already know the other bad side effects.. . the best thing to do is rinse in hot water and dry thoroughly before storing it in a dry place. also, don't use any scratchies or cleanser on tin, it is sensitive to rough abrasive and chemicals."
because new year day fall on a sunday when most people do not work anyway e.g bank post etc . they make the next day a bank holiday instead so enjoy
"if a tree fall in the woods, and there is no one there to hear it, doe it make a noise?. . it doesn't matter.. . that is existential reality."
"foil is a vapor barrier - it won't let moisture in to make the chip stale. but cellophane doe the same thing, and that's quite a common packaging material for chips."
"why an irish living in u.s.a , speaks different english than the british irish . . we most look at the place and time ; they change every thing !. for example the italian who life in u.s.a , after several year in this country ; speaks strange italian ."
"the answer to life, universe, and everything is:. 42"
"you are who you are...why would you want to change yourself? life is not about what others think of you..its what you think of yourself. if you're bi, you're bi. be true to yourself!"
"i just got back from cancun january 6, 2006. the waether wa sunny and about 85 every day. it getrs dark at about 6:00."
"""farther serf best a a distance word, further a a time or quantity word. you chase a ball farther than the other fellow; you pursue a subject further."""
"check out the website below. if you want to talk to a mormon, you can request for representative of the church to meet with you."
"a pathetic a you think this country is, be grateful that if your girlfriend falsely accuses you of, say, domestice violence (and it happens a lot), that the burden of proof is upon the government, not upon you to prove innocence. read your philosopher like thomas jefferson; ""i would rather be exposed to the inconveniencies attending too much liberty than those attending too small a degree of it."". everyone is innnocent until they are proven guilty. then they are a criminal."
"what they are made out of...olive oil, olives, vegetable oil, vegetable & peanut oil, peanuts. they all act slightly differently on foods, olive oil being the ""cleanest"". peanut oil is light but also dense in nature, adding a strong taste while vegetable oil can tend to make food slightly greasy."
"i used to live there and i'm not dull witted and rude. according to my wife i'm just an a-hole, but not dumbwitted or rude. i might have been dull witted and rude when i lived there though, i don't remember."
i wouldn't agree at all. most nurse are aware of their body and try to stay healthy! if they are overweight it's for the same reason anyone else is.
"khan (sometimes spelled a xan, han, polish chan) is a title meaning ruler in mongolian and turkish. the other equivalent is khatun.. because is the designation of a ruler or men of rank in central asia; mongol or turkish ruler in medieval times."
"it all come down to everyone wanting to have jesus a a part of their culture. it's the same reason why in most american movies, he's white, blonde haired, blued eyed, and very stoic. in reality, he wa most likely very dark and wa a normal human being with a sense of humor. it doesn't matter what color he wa or how we portray him in our cultures, what matter is that we are trying to relate to him."
"personally i prefer royal caribbean because they have more amenities. if you could care le about fancy food and more about the feature than this is the answer. royal caribbean ha a rock climbing wall, ice skating ring and shows, scuba diving classes, a well a premier restauraunts (a sea view cafe, asian, steak house, italian, and a few other specialty restauraunts aside from the standard place to eat), etc. carnival is too family oriented and ha too many kids."
you can try towing it. just put it in neutral.
"well..if you are hellbent on your view on a particular religion and not exactly ready to hear anything about it's negative sides(regardless ,wether it's in fiction or no) then you may a well put the book back on the shelf in that prettty li'l corner. if you dont mind it and want to hear something new or know how wonderful plot can be then you may a well read it. my rating 4 the book-***1/2.(by the way thats 3 n' a half stars)"
beacuse portugal is not in latin america. technically spain doe not belong there either...
"if there is a joann fabric's in your area, they have 80 inch muslin. it is of a good quality. you can use the muslin in a variety of ways. when treated, you can dye it to any color."
"waste reduction. the term 'waste reduction' encompasses all waste management methods, such a source reduction, recycling and composting, which result in a reduction of waste going to landfill or other disposal facilities."
an exorcism is an archaic ritualistic mystical way to get a 'demon' out of a person. multiple personality disorder is a psychological problem where you have multiple personalities. they have absolutely nothing to do with eachother.
foie gras is french for fat liver. it is a pate made of goose liver .
"you may be seeking to know the difference between deduction and induction, two form of reasoning commonly contrasted. reduction."
"there are actually 2 province that are holland, north holland and south holland, but other than that, i think the answer is correct. because most of the economic and political action happens in these 2 provinces, it might be the reason that the netherlands is also called holland.. . to make it more complex: the people (and the language) are called dutch!"
"it depends where you park. it is easier to just pull out on to a busy street, than backing out and worrying,some fool will fly by and wipe you out before you get on the street......"
"there are many cheap airline serving different city in irian jaya. when you get to jakarta or bali, get information at the airport information counter. the online site will have a very limited selection of the main national airlines, merpati or garuda -- there are others likely to be le expensive."
"temptation can be avoided by knowledge. in the bhagavad gita ""knowledge is obscured by the wise man's eternal enemy namely desire..."" if you know temptation will happen you can avoid it."
"turkish delight, or lokum, (armenian translit: lokhum, bosnian: rahat lokum), is a confection made from starch and sugar. it is often flavored with rosewater or lemon, the former giving it a characteristic pale pink color. it ha a soft, sticky consistency, and is often packaged and eaten in small cube that are dusted with sugar to prevent sticking. some recipe include small nut pieces, usually pistachio, hazelnut or walnuts."
"in any text of that size there are bound to be section of text that could be interpreted a being ""prophetic"". the work of nostradamus are particularly infamous in this respect.. . people who are seeking for prophecy in any text are likely to read more meaning into it than others, leading to a number of false positives.. . in short, if you're looking for ""prophetic"" statement you'll find them in any text, even a cookbook."
go to google images. enter the name. find a picture you like. draw from it.
mix the powder milk up using onf fourth to one third more powder than usual. this will keep the dendity higher and keep the separating from being a bad.
"i think it is a marketing issue. most indian restaurant in u are family owned independent businesses. in us, what work is chain a chain of restaurant which american can see all over and then only they notice it. a little bit of advertising in mainstream medium will also help."
"the name ""google"" is a play on the word ""googol"", which wa coined by milton sirotta, nine-year-old nephew of u.s. mathematician edward kasner in 1938, to refer to the number represented by 1 followed by one hundred zeros. google's use of the term reflects the company's mission to organize the immense amount of information available on the web."
"it would appear that the influence of german culture and language is responsible for this change in meaning. german ha a similar and related word ""dumm"" that mean ""stupid,"" and over time, with the influx of german immigrant to the united states, it came to influence the meaning of the similar english word. this is one of many mark left by german on american english."
"ego.. a chef's knife will cost more because of ego. a cook's knife will do the same thing, but no ego attached to it.. look for and buy quality.. it seems you are already aware of quality, so have fun adding to your collection."
because its...well...its hard to say but u can only understand it when u ask yourself: do alligator and banana make sense?. . see now it all clear right*?:)
"beer is generic term. lager is fermented at very low temperature to slow down the fermentation process. ale and stout (another type of ale) is fermented around room temperature...as long a you don't live in kuwait. beer fermented at higher temperature tend to have a ""hot"" flavor."
to raise the boiling temperature of water. this will make it so that your oat get softer faster. this is the same reason you add salt in pasta (not to prevent sticking a some people think).
"almost every chef and serious cook that i know is overwhelmingly in favor of gas for a bunch of reasons, not the least of which:. . 1) when you turn it on high, it's on high right then.. 2) when you turn the heat off, it's off, that very second.. 3) you don't have to guess how much heat your food is getting, just look at the flame.. 4) a much greater range of cooking temperature is possible.. . having cooked with both i would say i fall into the vast majority: gas is just easier, faster, and more fun to cook with."
"mass market item usually suffer in quality or customization. go to any small deli or independent hamburger shop and you can get it custom made to your liking, often with better quality ingredients.. . if you go to mcdonalds or something similar, don't expect to get something good. people go there for low cost and quick service, not quality and selection."
"salsa=sauce. picante=spicy. . and while it isnt necessary to remove the gills, you may want to for asthetic reason"
i don't think it necessary for a teacher to teach nonstandard (slang) english. the responsibility of a language teacher is to teach textbook english. child should clearly be able to differentiate between what language is acceptable between friend and what is acceptable in a formal situation.
"provide great content, ask people to cross-link with you, make sure the site is listed in any and all available directories, hang out on flickr and see who else is into it, and create a .sig file that mention it so that every email you send ha a little bit of advertising at the bottom.. . good luck!"
"i do. it is possible that jesus and marie-magdalene could have been married. it is possible that jesus and marie-magdalene had a child. to many clues, like renne-le-chateau, and it will not be the first thing the church hide from us."
"i don't think any woman start out to be prostitutes. i think it probably happens slowly - maybe they really like the guy and need some money, maybe they have a drug addiction and want to get high with the ""john"", or maybe they are homeless and need a place to stay and choose sex to find a man to stay the night with. prostitution doesn't seem like the type of occupation that woman would stay in if they thought they had many other options."
"depending on the ""apple"" mix used, approximately 243 calories. a plain martini is only 220. however, the sweetness in the apple mix cause it to be more calories."
"emo is a subgenre of hardcore punk music. use of the term (and which musician should be so classified) ha been the subject of much debate.. . the emu( the 'u' sound like 'you') (dromaius novaehollandiae, latin for ""fast-footed new hollander."") is the largest bird native to australia and, after the ostrich, the second-largest bird that survives today."
"heat it to 180 degrees.. it'll start to smell different (no better way to describe it) and it'll develop a film on top.. . if you're using a steamer, the screeching of the steamer will start to decrease in volume by 160 and by 180 it'll all but stop.. . also, if you're using a metal canister, you should be able to touch the container for just a second b4 having to remove your finger at 160. take it past that."
"if the drink are alcoholic, then this is why: the alcohol act like a dieuretic causing you to elininate water from your body even faster than the drink provide water. this lead to dehydration of the most sensitive tissues, including your nasal membranes. you start to stuff up. best to drink more non-alcoholic drink between the others."
"according to freud, dream are thought we don't allow ourselves to feel when we are awake. they are our desires, worries, fears...subconscious feeling that show up in dreams."
"to find happiness. it doesn't really matter what you do, or how much money you have, a long a you are happy. there are going to be hard times, but you must learn from them and use that knowledge to improve the rest of your life and increase your happiness."
"because no race ha a majority (greater than 50%) in california. also, there are fewer hispanic than white (32.4% compared to 46.7% in 2000 according to the census)."
"globalism, an older term going back to atleast the 1950s, is usually used in regard to geopolitics to indicate an internationalist(vs. isolationist) viewpoint and interest in every corner of the world. globalization usually refers to the spread of capitalist value and western popular culture by economic means, especially free trade and investment in the third and developing worlds. there seems to have been a left-right flipflop whether the turmoil and change in ""traditional"" society is a bad thing and glacial socio-political ""stability"" a populist ideal."
"a sense of social obligation and reciprocity. i.e., other people send you cards, you feel you must send them cards.. . sometimes people are just nice, and like to send cards."
"the word from the french can be translated a “half-breed” or “mixed breed.” in the french colonial context, the metis constitutes a distinct, but unstable racial category; the term can refer to those of french and native american descent, those of french and african descent, those called mulattoes, creole and so on, varying according to geography. the literal translation usually carry a negative connotation. in fact, there is no real equivalent word for “metis” in english. ..."
"prisoner in the nazi camp ( not just those who were jewish ) were tattooed for recordkeeping.. . i've heard, but i've been unable to confirm, that ibm made machine that were used in recordkeeping and sold them to the german government and nazi party. if ibm knew what they were being used for? ... haven't found anything one way or the other on that either."
"well, some people do not know the real christmas, chistians celebrate the birth of christ, but non-christians do also know that is the birth of christ, but they celebrate it getting drunk, big parties, fireworks, gifts. it's not bad to give gift and fireworks, christmas trees, light , but getting drunk i think is not good. the real christmas whick a lot of people have forgotten it is christ, whether we get gifts, firework or not, those thing shouldn't take away the spirit of christmas."
to love others more than yourself. to appreciate god and all his blessings. to have child and teach them the same idea and be a good role model.... p.s. to own a dog of your choice and make them a happy a they try to make you.
"simple...supply and demand. people are willing to pay for it, so they charge a much a they can without decreasing how many cup they sell. it's a much about the perceived prestige and experience a it is about the coffee, although it is good."
"paris hilton is nihilism embodied. she signifies nothing, and her nothingness validates your nothingness. she is essentially famous because it is essential for u to feel a if our nothingness transcends our class station, that everyone signifies nothing, and it ok."
all these people that answered you are all $@#! @#$ we join gang because were born into it family member already into the crime family it's like how some people have certain rictuals they do it's something they grew up with it's tha same thing a gang it's something we grow up in there's lot of reason and all these answer these people some how know but yet never expierienced the real thing tell you wouldn't know the real fact ..........bloods for life hommie you wan't more info from a thug perspective linxs me up
"the swede and their silly farm animals!. . actually, it symbolized fertility in males. originally it wa thought that santa slept with the goat, not rode it."
"another reason for the suffering is it seems a lot of people there cannot figure out that you are not supposed to drink from, bathe in and poop in the same stream and not expect to get any disease from it. the fact that they keep breeding when they cannot care for the child that they already have doe not help either. and what about their government? why aren't they helping their oen people?"
"it's french. respondez, s'il vous plait.. . translated to respond, please, it is commonly used to ask an invited guest to let the host know whether or not they will be attending."
"because different type of receptor are involved in processing the smell and taste. when you smell your nasal receptor are receiving the signal, and when you taste the receptor of your oral cavity receive the signal. and they are different."
find happiness. most people are never going to be at peace.
"* life is a comedy for those who think and a trajedy for those who feel.. * life is a long headache in a noisy street.. * what will life, if full of care we have no time to satnd and store.. * life should be inspired by love, sweetened by poetry and guided by knowledge.. . . ** life is like a cigarette begin with flash and end in ash"
i believe it is slightly le than 1 table spoon but i exchange 1 tablespoon for the packet. the only possible difference is that the rise might occur slightly faster but not that noticable.
you do have to be recommended by another mason. and they do not worship satan. check out a local chapter to ask some questions.
"varies a lot!. the average is a explained above. but if you go to copenhagen in the winter, you could experience anything from lot of snow and -5 to -15 (celcius), to grey in grey and +5 to +10, (usually it is grey in grey). but then you should never visit denmark for the weather ;)"
"apple juice, is just that, the juice of an apple.. . apple cider, is apple juice steeped with cinimon sticks.. . my favorite recipie is to take applie juice, steep about 6 stick of cinimon, a bit of all spice and a small pinch of nutmeg for about 1 hour.. . when done, strain, chill and serve with ice :)"
"it came from the bible originally, and previous answerer said. salt being essential to your nervous system, it used to be a lot more valuable and expensive than it is now. being the ""salt of the earth"", therefore, is a little like being best of the best; you were basically a very good man."
"ther are many different way to spell chanukka(hanukka,hanukkah,chanukkah), it all depends on where your at when the word is spelled. it is spelled with either a ""c"" or an ""h"" because there is no way in the english alphabet to show what the sound actually is."
religious tolerance is a good website for that. you can see the different church in many different category
"unfortunately, no one can be told what the matrix is. you have to see it for yourself.. - morpheus"
"well it depends where you are in the world. i went to paris for 4 day for under £150 that wa my bus, hotel ferry and park ticket (to disney). by flying low cost airline such a ryanaire, and possible either staying in outside paris in disney or staying in euro hostels, also travel around by metro make life a lot cheaper"
"stinky pinky mean that someone put their finger in something nasty. usually a vagina, butt, or belly bottom. anyway you shouldnt smell it because in any case it will be a nasty, humiliating,trick!"
by looking in this section of yahoo answers: asking the same question over and over! :-)
"because sneezing wa thought to be related only to being sick... and therefore possessed. they said ""bless you"" a a way to ward off the spirits."
"if you respect your friend then you should always treat their friend with respect and never be rude even if you don't like that person. however, if you like them then why not be friends, sometimes friend of friend become closer friend than the orignal friend!"
"that's a good question.. it's a societal standard for most of the modern world. if you do not, you will not be able to get a job, live a ""full"" life, or even be considered intelligent. there are many book on the subject, but if you can't read, that doesn't matter."
bambocha mean big or large. it's a slang used in hawaii. i'm not sure if it's a creole of some other languages.
look in your phone book (or yahoo yellow page search) for a company that specializes in that.. . trying to clean a yellowed painting yourself could be disasterous. leave it to the professionals.
"it's older than recorded history. it first mention (i think) is in the mahabharata, an ancient indian epic that is somewhere around 5000 year old."
the above is in german and they speak dutch in the netherlands. the correct saying is vrolijk kerstfeest
follow the diet secret that requires use of only chopstick a utensils....you'll be surprised at how fast your expertise will develop...especially when you're hungry.. p.s. work well a far a the diet aspect go too.
"sufism (sū'fĭzəm) , an umbrella term for the ascetic and mystical movement within islam. while sufism is said to have incorporated element of christian monasticism, gnosticism, and indian mysticism, it origin are traced to form of devotion and group of penitent (zuhhad) in the formative period of islam. the early pious figures, later appropriated by sufism, include ali, hasan al-basri (d. 801), and rabia al-adawiyya, a woman from basra (iraq) who rejected worship motivated by the desire for heavenly reward or the fear of punishment and insisted on the love of god a the sole valid form of adoration. the word sufi first appears in the 8th cent., probably in connection with the coarse wool that many ascetic wore."
"south pacific. i suppose it's partly because i'm of southeast asian descent and i find it fun and campy, and also because i wa in the orchestra pit playing the show in high school."
"others claim an association of the practice with particular dire disease (most often the bubonic plague, or ""black death,"" a it is sometimes known). they say an infected person's sneeze wa sure sign he'd soon be pushing up daisies, thus the ""bless you!"" wa intended a a benediction to the nearly-departed, a way of commending his soul to the care of god now that he wa beyond the help of anything in the mortal world"
"store are only interested in the 'bottom-line' a.k.a. 'the almighty dollar'.. there's le of a percentage of jew in the usa than there are other religions, so there is le money to be made. look for specialty store in your area."
"point taken, we have to weed out silliness somehow.. cranky. that point taken wasn't meant to be a pun."
a wok is just like a skillet but with different heat dispersion. if you have a recipe for chicken in a wok it will tell you how to cook it. but add some oil add the chicken then when the chicken ha been in there about 5-10 minute add your veggie and some soy sauce to flavor.
"it's short for a cibachrome print. cibachrome is (was?) ilford's brand for paper and processing technology to make color print from slides. it may have other meanings, but that's one of them."
"kashrut (hebrew: כַּשְׁרוּת; standard hebrew: kašrut) or ""keeping kosher"" (hebrew: כָּשֵׁר; standard hebrew: kášer) is the name of the jewish dietary laws. food in accord with halakha (jewish law) is termed kosher in english, from the hebrew term kasher (כשר), meaning ""fit"" (in this context, fit for jewish consumption).. . the word kosher ha been borrowed by many languages. in english a a slang, it generally mean legitimate, permissible, genuine or authentic."
"depends on where you live. some state require getting special licensure, or having staff trained at certain places, with specific certification. many group home are funded through county, state or federal grants, or they are semi-privately owned with state assistance. your best bet is to call your local government agency to see what they require."
"nestled between huge green mountain and 2 km of white sand and clear blue water, itamambuca (meaning beautiful stone) ha few wonderful house and some small, simple inns.. . itamambuca, around a 3hr drive away from sao paulo, is known for it excelent wave and it is the place for many brazilian and international surfing championships."
"it depends on what you like best about life... do what you most enjoy, do the bad thing about life completely dampen your life, or do they not affect you? how do you describe the good thing about life.. when a suicidal person asks you why you live and what do you live for, how do reply?"
"luck is unchangeable. it's chaotic, but life is based on perspective, so in a way luck seems improved if you change your focus to those thing which are lucky rather than staring at those thing which are unlucky. that is, notice what it is you want to see more of."
"i asked the same question to my enlightened guru named sri sri ravishankar and he said that one who know the answer will not tell you and one who tell doe not know the answer, no matter how many answer you get you will not be satisfied by them,on the otherhand more question will arise. but if you have this question in your heart the answer will dawn one day."
the meaning of life wa a monty python comedy film made in 1983. this film wa essentially a series of comedy skit and about the various stage of life - in some way a return to the sketch comedy format of the original television series.
"i think he meant in lieu of a free lunch by other mean (and mostly likely a dig on your mutual employer for not offering said free lunch). i could be wrong but the expression, i believe, originated from the fact that some blood center offer donor a free lunch when donating. work bleeds you dry...ergo they should offer you a blood lunch. that's how i would have read the comment anyway...."
"pepper can make you sneeze because some people are ""allergic"" to it?!"
"the government is not in charge of the name of christmas. people in general are saying, ""happy holidays"" more and more frequently, because there are people who are not christian and do not celebrate christmas per se, but still consider december 25th a holiday, and more importantly, there are several different holiday that happen during december and january and there's no point in just saying merry christmas and alienating whole section of society. ""happy holidays"" includes christmas, so people, including some people in the government, would like to include even more people and choose that option rather than just ""merry christmas."""
"i guess that becouse they are /promised to be/ quite hermetic and do be different from the not choosen rest. they rather keep together. and they are alwats very good in what they choose to do - peope are jalous and irritated,,"
"scotch whisky is made of barley malt which ha been smoked on a porous floor over peat fire before distillation. in general, several different variety are blended together and then further diluted with a neutral grain alcohol. whisky that is not blended is called single malt, and make up le than two percent of the whisky sold."
genetics ha a part in homosexuality. some people have an extra 23rd x chromosome which lead to a homosexual offspring.. . many people want to avoid the opposite sex and turn gay by will>but these people just waste our air.
"the previous answer is correct. the crips began in the u.s., l.a., i think, and mara salvatrucha began in central america (maybe guatemala?) with local street gangs. a they began immigrating to the u.s., they became more of a u.s. problem."
"probably the same a any military wife. military wife are seen to be lazy, child producing, and unfaithful to their husband during deployment. it's unfortunate that act of few effect the whole."
"to some people, this is easier to read. to others, it is a sign that they never learned to type properly, and prefer to avoid capitalization, while maintaining a level of imperativeness in their speech. others yet understand cap lock is cruise control for cool.. . sometimes, people are just jerks."
"socrates believed that there were basic moral and virtue and he went on to teach this to plato, who wa one of his students. all that is known of socrates is what wa written of him from that time. . the sophist often argued that moral were judged and different from situation to situation and this clashed with socrates idea that there wa a moral code that applied to all stiuations."
"life ha no meaning unless there is a creator. so i say, to find out the meaning of life, somehow connect with the creator. now, that's a whole other question..."
"althought spirituality may be associated with religion, a true spiritual person may have no religion at all. on the other hand a relgious person may not be spiritual in the least. sprituality to me is knowing one self and becoming one with your surroundings and nature. think zen."
"not sure if you want to know how to make them yourself or how it done commercially. but commercially it done by spinning them around in a large bowl that coat them a little bit at a time in many many layers. (they usually then put a shiny layer on at the end too.) i believe there is a kitchenaid mixer attachment that let you do it yourself at home, but i don't know how effective it is."
"that is a good question have you ever saw someone you love with someone else or they said something that make you feel like you're on a roller coaster or your heart is going to beat out of your chest, or been so mad you actually feel the heat come from your body and you adrenaline going crazy, that is feeling. at the time you never go through the process of thinking ""that hurt i am going to feel sick now or i am mad"" i think feeling is more of a non planned event that happens quickly and thinking is more rational, and patient."
"black pope is a derogatory name given to the superior general of the society of jesus, more commonly known a the jesuits. the name come partly from the color of the robe worn by member of the society and partly from a past misconception (most prominent around the 16th and 17th centuries) amongst protestant european country concerning the relative power of the jesuit within the roman catholic church."
"in the womb, all human (and otherwise) start a females. eventually, the foetus will grow male genitalia if it's a genetic male, but doesn't lose the nipples."
"i honestly think it because they drive everywhere and live in suburbia. a lot of part of europe have city and rural areas, but not really 'suburbia' a much a in the us. it easier to lose weight when you live in a city and walk everywhere, or live in the country and work on the land, but most people who move to the suburb gain weight because their movement becomes limited to ""to the car"" and ""from the car"". of course that's just my opinion!"
"if you need a ticket to attend a funeral, the airline will help you to a large degree.. . you can also have a friend transfer their frequent flier mile to you."
"sneezing wa a symptom of the plague back in shakespearean times. most people who got the plague died, so saying ""god bless you"" wa kind of like a prayer for the victim."
originally a baker's dozen wa when a baker would make enough dough for 12 loaf of bread and then use the extra dough he had left to make a little something extra. this extra dough made a 13th loaf and thus a baker's dozen. . now it refers to anything that you want to talk about in a quantity of 13.
"be firm, but not sarcastic or snide when people take advantage of you.if you feel like a mean person, it doe not mean that other people think youre mean. let the other people know that youre agitated, and talk to them calmly but firmly."
"i only fly ana to bangkok, it's probably not the cheapest, but for the money, it's the best. they have a daily flight out of dc to narita then to bangkok. cheers!"
it mean that the person is very sad. a 'heart' <the center of being> that is 'heavy' <weighed down with emotion and problems> is the opposite of a 'light and free heart'.. . this is called an idiom. it also could be termed a metaphor.
"or more to the point, how long before this question get deleted by yahoo! censor ?. . lol."
mgm studio is the disney version of universal. universal is larger since it is actually made up of 2 park and citywalk.
"i noticed at one time in my study that john 3:16 wa the entire theme of the bible from genesis to revelation. i wa so blown away by this, i had to write it down. see my source below."
it is a video gaming sistem and it 3d. it just came out so everyone want one and there really expensive 500$!
there is no such thing a a stupid question just stupid people. or to get more point
"i am not dominican or mexican, but here is my best guess: in general mexican are at a lower socioeconomic status than dominicans. since the average caucasian american can't tell the difference between dominican and mexican (like the way some people say all asian look alike), dominican are often mistaken for mexicans, and feel that they are treated with le respect because people assume they are mexican and poor.. . p.s. not my belief, i believe people should be treated a individuals, not a dominican, mexican, asian, caucasian, rich or poor, but this is our society..."
"encouraging words, a nice long embrace, some great love making. the simple thing in life"
"diagnosing someone with mental illness is very difficult and should only be done by qualified professionals. often even trained doctor incorrectly diagnose ppl.. however, having said that there are a few thing that might suggest that a person is suffering from schizophrenia. delusions, an inability to grasp reality, talking in non-sense, ( ie; patient say ""gee i went to the store but all i knew wa my head felt like lettuce and gretta garbo made me dance a jig""). also- ppl suffering from it may also see and hear ppl that are not there etc, hear voice in thier head and so on.. hope that help"
"""gloria in excelsis deo"" is latin for ""glory to god in the highest"". we just discussed this at our family christmas celebration this last weekend...all 23 of us!"
"if you go to their official website, there's a way of letting it be known that you would like to speak to some, but they do not have a listing of individual memeber' personal email addresses. if you wish to speak to some in your locality, you can use the phone book to look up ""jehovah's witnesses"", which is usually found under the heading of ""churches"" in the yellow pages."
"because your mind function and store information on 2 seperate level (concious and sub-concious) and although these two level are connected, conciously we lack the ability to recall information stored in our sub-concious after a short period of time. all dreamer will tell you the best thing to do is keep a dream log beside your bed and when you wake up write down some detail so you can tell somebody else later."
"the noel hypothesis states: if two or more group come together in a contact situation characterized by ethnocentrism, competition, and a differential in [political or military] power, then some form of racial or ethnic stratification will result. if the contact situation ha all three characteristics, some dominant-minority group structure will be created.. . sociologist donald noel identifies three feature of the contact situation that in combination lead to som form of inequality between [social] groups."
"scientology is a new religious movement established in 1952 by science-fiction author l. ron hubbard a a successor to his earlier psychotherapeutic system of dianetics. originally presented a a secular ""study of knowledge"", it wa recharacterized by hubbard the following year a an ""applied religious philosophy"" under the management of the church of scientology."
"1. create a image that is 9 inch tall and the width is not important.. 2. click control+r (to show rulers). 3. press v or go to the move tool and pull the guide from the ruler area down to 3"" and 6"". . you just divided a image into 3 equal part horzontally"
"one of my favourite site is goodprint uk. you can choose all your setting online, pick the amount of business card you require, and then they mail them to you."
"the affiliate site sound promising. i would also add an ""email to a friend"" feature that make it easy to share the site with friends. then make that mailing witty and clean, no pop-ups/unders, nothing offensive, and no retaining the email for future mailing unless the user opts in."
look for a nice chinese or other asian place and be prepared to wait in line. they will be filled with jew who have nothing else to do one xmas day.
spinning the egg. smooth fast spin: hard boilded. wabbly: raw.
because they are afraid that the belief of scientologists will get twisted if they are spread to people who don't know about it. obviously it's already been twisted a whole bunch of times.
because their absolutely necessary...your productivity is declining and your on yahoo! answer all day.
"to keep you on the path that will eventually lead you to the cross--whether that road is rocky or smooth.. . in answer to openandy's question below, read matthew 18:10"
"i don't know why they are adorable, but they are originally, and still used by, the u navy a enlisted cold weather gear. a real p-coat will have a navy anchor on the button and two pocket inside the lining."
"i'm assuming you're speaking of st. mary's university in san antonio, texas. if that's the case then i would recommend that you visit the site below for admission information. good luck!"
use yahoo map and map the route. there is a legend in the screen that display the traffic.
"renounce the world....""returning the ticket""so to speak - saying yes this is true this is the ride we are all on but i reject it....i give my ticket back i won't take the ride, follow the rules, play the game.... a in the brother karamazov....but deny the world i think of a more nonacceptance because you believe something is not real or ha no validity... doe this make any sense?????"
enlightement is religion. m-theory is science. and religion and science can never go toghether. i don't know if that kind of relation ha a name...
"i have always contemplated that 42 is the product of 6 and 7. six is associated with evil (satan) and seven is associated with good (god) so the answer to life, the universe and everything is somewhere in the product of good and evil.. . of course, i have no idea why adam chose it."
"sometimes people who posted the question remove it themselves.. . i wish they had a robot to catch frequently asked (and usually superfluous) question like ""woodchuck"" or ""sky blue"".... . the political correctness filter is pretty worthless, too, if term like ""oral tradition"" get asterisk for o r a l ."
"basically infinity doesn't really exist other than a a broad concept in our minds, much like any number. a number doesn't actually exist, it's just logic we've been taught to think of when we see a certain quantity of something. the only difference between any positive number and infinity is that infinity can't be quantified; it's just a broad idea."
"talk to a travel agent. lot of cruise ship from the east coast come to honolulu harbor - you would probably have to leave from ny or fl, however you are looking at a price tag of a minimum of $8,000 per person, probably much more for around the world cruises."
"the star on the top is the north star, the start that appeared when jesus wa born. the present under it symbolize the gift jesus wa given by the 3 wise men. all the other adornment are symbolic of giving gift for christ, and reinforcing all that christmas means. celebrating christ, life, family and friend"
say you are a member of the salvation army church. it keep the jahovah's witness people from knocking on mine.
"middle english cristemas, from old english crstes mæsse, christ's festival : crst, christ; see christ + mæsse, festival; see mass.. . the word christmas is a contraction of christ's mass, derived from the old english cristes mæsse. it is often abbreviated xmas, probably because x resembles the greek letter χ (chi) which ha often historically been used a an abbreviation for christ (χριστός in greek)."
"polylove is in reagrds to polyamory, which mean ""many loves."" polyamory is an increasingly popular alternative to monogamy. it includes option such a open marriage, group marriage, expanded family. they could be f/f/f/, m/m/m/, m/f/m, or f/m/f/."
some people do it just because they know they can. it give them a feeling of satisfaction. they cannot feel good about themselves unless they bring someone else down.
"the universe is a quantum fluctuation of the average nothing. admitedly, that big of a quantum fluctuation doesn't happen very often, but nothing had nothing better to do than wait for it."
"intension, not extension. the meaning is the meaning we give it."
too many of this question. check the answer given on the link below.
"am a nigerian and i would like to answer your question but am not sure what u wanna know.do u want a receipe or just a general idea of how we spend the time.if it about meal then u need to kinda specify what part of nigeria but if it not then we have really big celebration no matter what. there is lot of cooking, visiting and inviting family and friends. people are welcome even without being invited.there is also alot of ""sharing"" or ""giving"" (not necessarily in kind)particularly towards family."
"what a sick, but important question.i have no idea,but that guy with the stand side by side theory is really wierd,come on! lol"
"""phantom"" ha the core meaning of ""illusion"", ""unreality"".. when we call a ghost a phantom.. we are doubting whether the ghost is ""really there"". for example.. phantom limb, etc"
"because they all have different language roots, despite their similar spellings. english word are spelled phonetically, but based on their phonetic roots, so comb (cohmb) and bomb (bahmb) are spelled based on their (different) root pronunciations."
"april / may is the hot season in thailand (and ""hot"" mean even hotter than the rest of the year), so pack very lightly. however, if the rainy season start early, you may experience some rain in may."
"before the civil war, beirut wa a beautiful and cosmopolitan city, hence the name. it wa also under french control after wwii who expressed highly preferential treatment for the christians, straining muslim-christian relations. it wa the intellectual capital of the arab world, and remained so until 1975 when the civil war essentially destroyed it. famously, the beirut hilton wa completed right a the war started and wa destroyed before any guest spent a single night in it."
"""the langoliers"" is one of four short story published in the stephen king book four past midnight. the langoliers wa adapted for a tv movie in 1995. the tv movie starred patricia wettig, dean stockwell, david morse, and bronson pinchot."
"the real meaning of meaning is ""meaning"" :). . the dictionary say this. ""something that is conveyed or signified; sense or significance."""
"it is almost like asking how do you become a expert in anything? honestly, drink a lot of wine, take notes, make comment on wine taste and notes, hold wine tasting parties...etc"
"first peel a banana. then put it in a bowl along with 1 scoop of vanilla, 1 scoop of strawberry and 1 scoop of chocolate ice cream. top it with carmel, chocolate syrup, whipped cream, chocolate chips, m&ms, cherries, gummy worm and crushed oreos."
"lol my man ha this issue! garlic ""ages"" in the intestinal tract and ferments, i guess! lol he is sooo forbidden from eating garlic bread!"
"check out the economic consulting firm ""nera"". it's part of the mercer group is is very well respected."
it is a hard pome that come from a genus related to apple. the quince is tree or bush that ha nice flower in spring (pink or white). the fruit look like a lumpy greenish yellow apple. most kind are too hard and sour to eat a table fruit -- they are usually used for preserves.
"technically dinosaur were not even known to have exist until the first evidence wa discovered in either the 18th or 19th century. in the book of genesis note: not to be interepted literally!! it state ( after the life in the sea,animals on land) sorry i can't quote exactly however; look at all the animal that exist. the bible would be a long book!"
"well, there wa the obvious division between abolitionist in the north and slaveowners in the south. . . in addition, there wa a more general division between the primarily agrarian south and a rapidly industrializing north."
"a a social scientist who tends to agree with the weberian agenda for sociology, my point of view is that objectivity is an ideal, but it is simply impossible to reach given that we come to our research topics, our research questions, and even our interpretation from perspective that are shaped by our value and life experiences. this doesn't invalidate social science, it just show that the production of social scientific knowledge is the work of social actor who are fundamentally embedded in social relation and framework of understanding. just like anyone else, social scientist cannot escape their own head into a neutral place from which to observe social reality. thus, the practice of trying to reach ""objectivity"" is an exercise in deliberately considering your topic, question, or interpretation from many different angles."
"i have only noticed this in used book stores, not place like barnes and noble or borders. i think it is because, with used books, there is an essence of the people who have read them. and any time there is anything old and spirit related you get a feeling that to you may be a ""scary vibe."""
"i have never heard of that either. but i would assume it would fall into the same category of not allowing child to wear halloween costume to school any longer. if you are going to ruin one holiday, you might a well ruin them all."
well we dont have an acual date when he wa born some say it wa december 25 and some say january 6th. but the bible suggests that he wa born and decembber 25.
"an old english dish, named for the sound the ingredient make while cooking (or from the sound one's stomach make after eating it). some source say it wa originally cold boiled beef and chopped cabbage, others claim it wa originally mashed potato and cabbage, while some claim it originally contained all three. today it is commonly made from leftover potato and cabbage fried together."
"the process of figuring out how old something is... for instance, carbon dating.. . hopefully, you already know about the type of dating that happens between a guy and a girl."
i think people hide from them because they don't want to hear that they are living their life wrong. no one want to hear that they are wrong.
"you could try smearing tomato ketchup (yes, really) on them and leaving them for a few hours.. . i've tried this on pan and in teapot and it work quite well thanks to the vinegar (i.e. acid) in the tomato sauce."
"basically to get a much people a possible, to fill the room at the highest rate and to get you to eat those cooky and drink in the refridgerator in your room. (also to convince you that it better to order room service)"
"the best map i could find of is below (first link), hope it helps. the second link is for the top page of the entire ise jingu site."
"the socratic method is a method of getting someone to draw a certain conclusion or come up with an answer by only asking questions. this work very good in arguments, because they sometimes prove your theory for you by answering your questions."
"literally, it is the study of work. ergonomics focus on the sort of manner in which work is performed, and a a discipline, the aim is to reduce or eliminate work-related injuries, due to thing like repetitive motion, awkward positioning, etc."
the most important step is to get into the habit of speaking english.. watch tv in english a much a you can.. speak english a much a you can.. read in english a much a you can.. use english every chance you get.
by adjusting the amount of oxygen being mixed. there should be a knob on your burner.
"it appears that the question period ha expired. if you have received an answer that meet your needs, please choose a 'best answer.'. regards."
"i'm irish, and it just in our blood(literally).everything go good with a drink! cheers!!"
"the pilgrim were religious people who landed on these shore to have the freedom to pursue their religious beliefs. they had a hard time surviving the first year, and the local native american (called indians) helped them with planting crop and building shelter. they decided to celebrate a successful harvest by having what turned out to be the first thanksgiving and sharing it with their indian benefactors. nrg2003"
"actually, the original meaning of ""alien"" is ""strange,"" or ""foreign"" - both of which may be reasonable decriptions of a person from another country with different customs. it's from the latin root ""alienus,"" meaning ""of or belonging to another."". . the first use of ""alien"" to mean ""from another planet"" came in 1944, century after the word wa in common use."
let it come to room temperature is all it means.. . do not microwave it. butter melt in 10 second to a puddle of goo. just let it sit on the countertop for 30 - 45 min.
a fiddle and a violin are the same instrument. how you play it make the difference. you can play classical or country on the same thing.
"madh is correct. it may have been older, but in california's gold rush of 1849, to ""stike paydirt"" wa to dig until you hit dirt that would pay - soil with gold in it. in a larger sense it meant to find something valuable, so a scholar who make a valuable discovery may say she ha struck pay dirt."
"most pagan don't torture and kill animals. however, there are some sadistic people out there who enjoy seeing animal suffer and they often claim that they are ""pagans"" a a way to excuse their own poor behavior. pagan are not very well understood by society, and because of this they are often blamed for thing they don't do."
"* life is a comedy for those who think and a trajedy for those who feel.. * life is a long headache in a noisy street.. * what will life, if full of care we have no time to satnd and store.. * life should be inspired by love, sweetened by poetry and guided by knowledge.. . . ** life is like a cigarette begin with flash and end in ash"
"wear lot and lot of layers. and be sure to wear hats, gloves, scarf and whatever else that could keep you warm."
yes adolf hitler is dead. he shot himself in a bunker befoer the russian took berlin in 1945
hindi is based on the devnagari script while urdu is based on the persian script. hindi ha it origin in india while urdu is from the middle east. there are a lot of common word between the 2 languages.
"there is a meth problem everywhere, and the reason that there is a meth probably everywhere including clarkston wa is because it cheap. it cheap, effective, easy to get (its made from several easy to get items, and easy to make if the addict brain aren't too fried to start burning up the place)."
"originally, mostly for protection (from the elements, insects, etc.); these days, mostly for cultural reason (religious, legal, etc.)"
just click on the brush option on the tool pallate ..you will see the whole category of brush whish includes air brush too. u can find all kind of brush in the upgrade version of photoshop like photoshop c.s or c.s2.
in alchemy it wa an object used to turn base metal into gold. it wa also said to confer immortality upon the holder. in a much more philosophical sense it wa also a metaphor for the training and initiation of one into the art of alchemy.
"if it is an old painting you might find an antique dealer who specializes in old paintings, auction house that are well known may appraise it for you ($), or go to a gallery near you,also try an art history department at a college may steer you in the right direction. hope this helps."
it is 1 am in russia. the time difference is +8 hour with florida and east coast.
"florida state and university of west florida both offer program in marine archeology, however you will be hard pressed to join up if you're not a student a many of these program have limited space available and many matriculated student who want to apply. that being said, it still wouldn't hurt to contact the respective department -- if they can't accomodate you, they may be able to recommend another way for you to experience it."
"basically, organic produce whether meat, vegetable or fish ha been grown or produced without any artificial fertilisers, chemical or other treatments. this includes the food that they are fed on.. . intensively reared meet such a beef and chicken are flooded with penniclin type drug and growth increasing hormones, and their food can contain ground up meat from animal that have died around them (especially in battery chicken farms.)"
"pilgrimage is a once-in-a-lifetime obligation for those muslim who have the physical and financial ability to undertake the journey. it is also a form of worship that involves the entire being: body, mind and soul."
"i don't. all i know is that i have a number of sensory stream that i am interpreting in realtime that give me a pretty consistent representation of something world-like. if, while i wa unconscious, someone tapped into my brain with neural connection that severed these stream and replaced them with sufficiently good artificial ones, i probably would not be able to tell.. . whether it real or not, i probably should do the best with what i have been given."
sugar and fat...'nuff said. . . mmm..now i want some ice cream.
"crème de cassis is a blood-red, sweet, black currant-flavored liqueur. it date back to the 16th century, first produced by monk in france a a cure for snakebites, jaundice, and wretchedness. it is the main ingredient in a champagne cocktail."
old trick my mother gave me...works for burner on the stove also...take vinegar and rub it all over the area in question...stick it in a plastic bag and tie it shut. leave it overnight and check on it the next day..sparkles like new!
'frum' from yiddish via german = pious. . i.e. an orthodox or ultra-orthodox jewish person.
"the turtle is sacred to china a it symbolizes longevity, strength and endurance. they also represent the universe, a their dome shaped back wa the sky, their underbelly the earth. the three turtle also represent the family"
"it is the greediness of the real estate market doing these people in. san francisco ha one of the highest rate of homelessness in the nation, and is the second most dense urban area in the nation behind new york. simply put, these people can't afford to live in a house in san francisco, nor can they rent."
it is a sign of respect and love for the founder of their faith.... . head covering in different faith usually indicate an act of reverence toward god. it is an acknowledgement that they are lower than god and he is soverign above them.
"i think that it depends on what part of the state you are talking about. the united state ha different regions, and each region ha somewhat different culture in regard to this.. . in addition, individual family will have different practice depending on the background and preference of the family members.. . in my family, we never kiss family member on the mouth, but i had a friend who lived just down the street who did."
"it depends on how you boil it. if you are boiling it in the open (on a gas or an electric burner), visible sign of boiling is bubbling. but if you heat water in a microwave, there may not be visible boiling which can lead to spurting of water (and some burns)."
"they come in mililiter sizes. i'm not sure of the conversion to ounces. there's the mini bottle which is 50 ml, i think. then it go 200ml, 375ml, 500 ml, 750ml, 1 liter, and 1.75 liter"
"it is a courteous way of saying ""hello"" when you meet someone. usually it is said to someone elder or close to you a a mark of respect when you meet them. more formally it is said with your hand folded and near your chin. you will find this custom in most part of india."
the other advantage is that you are buying from people who actually care about their land and their product.. . organic farming method are much gentler on the environment and so in the future we may be able to continue getting food when more commercial grower have poisoned the land.
"there are few people on this service who really have the mental capacity to answer the insightful questions. after all, a legitimate question requires legitimate knowledge to answer, aye? and how many people on this service really know that much about anything? not a often a would be helpful."
"the best i can think of is bastable is of the word bast-the fibrous or somewhat woody outer layer of the stem of certain plants, such a flax, hemp, and certain trees, and used to make cordage and textiles. i hope that help i looked in two collegiate dictionary and couldn't find bastable."
"in the game phantasy star online, the enemy ha three stages, namely booma, gabooma, and gigabooma. all these word are derived from boom, just like kaboom. boom mean to act suddenly and forcefully to repress a practice or reprimand an offender. gabooma by itself dosen't exit a a word in any dictionary."
"because it is the epitome in allegories, illusion, and considered a priori by yahoo and the it community.. without the avatar, what meaning ha life.. without my avatar i cannot reason.. tongue in cheek,. cranky"
"some people are just too caught up within themselves to consider anyone else. some were just raised with no manners. some people are just jerks.. . i always say ""thank you"" when someone hold a door open for me or doe something nice."
"i always thought it wa a football rivalry thing. cincinnati and pittsburgh always call u that when we win football game or when we play against them, especially cincinnati. they say it in the stand to get our goats. the other real reason is when the cuyahoga river caught on fire back in 68 or 70 it wa because it wa so polluted with oil...ie--""the mistake on the lake."""
"preterism is a variant of christian eschatology which deal with the position of past-fulfilment of the last day (or end times) prophecy in varying degrees. the term preterism ha it root in the latin word praeter, meaning ""past"". adherent of preterism are known a preterists."
"it's a smoked salmon filet that ha been cured and then often it cold-smoked. the cold smoking doe not cook the fish, resulting in it characteristic smooth texture, similar to the raw product."
"it is not nearly ha bad a some people think, but a little gross nonetheless. since mcd's ha been using white meat it is mostly white breast meat of old chickens. it is ground up all together into a paste like texture bound together with stuff called phosphate salts, fit into molds, and then breaded, fried and freezed and shipped to mcd's around the globe. when it get there they re-fry it (if i recall it's something like 3 mins)."
"plate in the middle, to the right of the plate working out shrimp fork, salad fork, dinner fork. to the left, teaspoon, dessert spoon, knife. water glass at 1 oclock, coffee cup at 3 oclock, wine glass at 12 oclock, dessert saucer on plate, napking on top of dessert plate"
she represented a different period when life wa harder. i don't think she look masculine but rather harden by the times.
"a wa noted in the discussion of the iliad, the word ""tragedy"" refers primarily to tragic drama: a literary composition written to be performed by actor in which a central character called a tragic protagonist or hero suffers some serious misfortune which is not accidental and therefore meaningless, but is significant in that the misfortune is logically connected with the hero's actions. tragedy stress the vulnerability of human being whose suffering is brought on by a combination of human and divine actions, but is generally undeserved with regard to it harshness. this genre, however, is not totally pessimistic in it outlook. although many tragedy end in misery for the characters, there are also tragedy in which a satisfactory solution of the tragic situation is attained."
good question. you would think that the grand creator and grand instuctor would want to be called by his name.
"there is a small difference between homemade and store bought, but the gram per serving tends to run between 23-29. so to answer your question- quite fatty."
"in the english-speaking world the song ""auld lang syne"" is traditionally sung at midnight on new year's eve. written in scot and generally attributed to the poet robert burn the song celebrates the importance of retaining friendship despite the passage of time."
"lean to use proper grammer. it is a u.s. green card. and by the way a mouse is not computer hardware, it is a peripheral, and until you can answer my question: what is the difference between a rat and mouse, you can't get a green card."
"pen·ance (pĕn'əns) . n.. an act of self-mortification or devotion performed voluntarily to show sorrow for a sin or other wrongdoing.. a sacrament in some christian church that includes contrition, confession to a priest, acceptance of punishment, and absolution. also called reconciliation."
there are recipe out there with tea & hard liquor. i have heard of a few with iced tea (example southern kick) though i don't think the long island ha tea in it strangely enough.
"even if flour is correct, the recipe may call for more baking soda than you'd like. baking soda make a crisper cookie. try reducing it slightly and also try taking the cooky out a minute or two earlier."
"the winter solstice wa celebrated for thousand of year by different culture and religions. it wa seen a a time of renewal, a the rebirth of light, and the triumph of light over darkness a the day began to grow longer and the night shorter. humanity depended on agriculture for survival, so longer day and warmer temperature were necessary to maintain existence.. these celebration continued long after the birth of the christian church and were seen by the church a a source of competition for the fidelity and devotion of it followers.. somewhere around the 4th century ce, the church began to declare that the "" sun "" of god wa born at the time of the winter solstice, so that the celebration would be centered around jesus, rather than around the old "" pagan "" notion of natures' rebirth."
it's quite a nice appetitiser. bread and stuff. cant remember the exact ingredient tho
"in french it mean ""gray wings"". ""aile"" is wing."
"champagne is a sparkling wine produced in the champagne region of france. it's expensive given the laborious method by which it is produced. champagne is generally white.. . wine can be red, white and rose."
the meaning of life is to live for god and do thing's for him. if your not living for god your living for the devil. you can't be on the fence between god and satan because the fencce belongs to satan and anyone there is easily tempted.
"i found a social security death note for a ""kalliope p. lewis"". born: 7 apr 1938 death: 7 sep 2003. last residence: 76133 fort worth, tarrant, texas, united state of america. is this who you are looking for?"
by assanating lincoln john wilkes booth hoped to start another war between the north and the south. he supposily had help with the assanation but that's not proven.
"christmas tree were used at several different pagan festival for thousand of years. these include saturnalia (roman), yule (celtic), and ygsandoth tree (nordic). these holiday are still celebrated by smaller group today, but most of the tradition from christmas come from these holidays. mistletoe, present and even santa are remnant for the old religion."
"dr. clausenstein invented the first prototype santa in 1798 out of used human part that he assembled in a secret laboratory in the alps. while the original kris kringle wa a disaster, killing eight deer and seriously harming four small children, the very next attempt wa a complete success, never harming another soul or animal. although inconceivable today, dr. clausenstein wa never granted a patent for his creation and wa subsequently hanged for abominable crime against humanity, forcing the monster satan claus (as he wa known after the trial) to flee to the north pole."
"you can't take the e train from central park west. your best bet is to take an a (express) or c (local) down to broadway-nassau. from there, walk two block west to ground zero."
the copa cabana bar is my favorite. the reason is that you always find beautiful woman there.
probably because all atm are made the same no matter where they are eventually installed. i would assume it's cheaper to build them all the same.
"boxing day is the day after christmas becasue you'd get new stuff on christmas, then the next day you would ""box up"" all your old stuff you didn't need and give it to the poor. hence, boxing day."
"saint narada is the son of brahma and saraswati. they are also the male and female version of themselves, if you can comprehend that."
because hamburger helper is only helping make a great meal. if he had 5 finger then he might be tempted to take over the whole thing.
"this statement is absolutely true. don't you notice that the dumbest people in the world always have a stupid grin on their face. they don't know, don't see, don't care. they have nothing to worry about."
"first thing you could do is to analyze your life see what you want out of life and what you have done in your past that is directing you to your future. also, i don't know if you are spirtual or not but prayer helps, along with knowledge of self meaning you must first know and understand yourself then you can figure out what to do with your life. however you choose photograph so this may not apply to your situation but you still can use this to determine the path of your life a a whole."
"i guess depends on what you're after. adelaide is quieter than melbourne, so if you are working or running your own business, maybe melbourne would be a better bet. if you want to retire, or after a quieter life, i guess go for adelaide."
"bring the milk to about 200 degree f, not quite boiling, just hot. scalding sound like such a harsh word, but you just need to warm it, no burning... eew!"
you should lose point for spelling. but the president in 1980 wa jimmy carter. ronald wilson reagan took office in january of 1981.
"there is no ""one"" life, therefore there is no single meaning of life. what life and living represents to every single human being on this planet is most likely different so you can't just package the whole thing and come up with one meaning. . search for the meaning of yours, that might be a bit easier."
they get frustrated and dont know what to do. so they lose there temper
"the word ""religion"" ha been given a bad defintion, because of the way many people have acted in the name of it. but what you really want is a relationship with god.....you can use any word you want for this...."
because angel are white. black colour is opposite to white such a demon to angel
"wikipedia ha a lot of info, search for various name and you will find. the lin below ha ton of info on vidocq.. . some criminology book also have section completely in homage to him, so you may want to look for them."
servant: one who is privately employed to perform domestic services.. . slave: one bound in servitude a the property of a person or household.
"hey, it like having more employees. god had chose them to be prophets. they worked amazing feat of christianity. paul, daniel, elisha, elijah and moses were all prophets."
"definition of kwanzaa kwanzaa is a unique african american celebration with focus on the traditional african value of family, community responsibility, commerce, and self-improvement. kwanzaa is neither political nor religious and despite some misconceptions, is not a substitute for christmas. it is simply a time of reaffirming african-american people, their ancestor and culture. kwanzaa, which mean ""first fruit of the harvest"" in the african language kiswahili, ha gained tremendous acceptance."
"if you are talking inner-peace, try running. a lot. train for a marathon."
"by showing that they don't contradict each other. if the universe with it physical law are linked with an intelligent design, and the nature of law allow evolution a a phenomenon to occur in a direction towards conscience, then the two theory can complement each other. intelligent design and evolution can work together towards complexity."
ask them !!! most people that are gay but dont say anything about it do so because they think people will judge them . a long a you act mature about the person answer (whether yes or no ) the question should soon be forgotten .
"the sca is an international organization dedicated to researching and re-creating the art and skill of pre-17th-century europe. our ""known world"" consists of 19 kingdoms, with over 30,000 member residing in country around the world. members, dressed in clothing of the middle age and renaissance, attend event which may feature tournaments, art exhibits, classes, workshops, dancing, feasts, and more."
"about makin friend around the world, you could try icq or skype and search user by countries. or you could ask here who would like to have international friends. i, myself, would like it, since im from perú."
"maybe you sould ask a teacher or a parent, or even an adult you look up to! the answer you may get here may not be what you need to know! unless you are an adult, then not to be mean but you should know how baby come about!"
truth is the opposite of a lie. what is a lie?
"hitler committed suicide in the führerbunker on 30 april 1945, in berlin by mean of a self-delivered shot to the head (it is likely he simultaneously bit into a cyanide ampoule). hitler's body and that of eva braun, (his long-term mistress whom he had married the day before), were partially burned with petrol by fuhrerbunker aides, and hastily buried shortly thereafter in the chancellory garden with russian shell pouring down from all directions, and with russian infantry le than a few hundred meter away."
"unless god ha a yahoo id, you won't find any ""truth"" here. all you can go on is subjective belief, and subjective belief is just that - faith - not ""truth"". you'll find out when you are dead."
"i do agree with you. and even the holy trinity is iffy in this way. but i think they just see god, the son and the holy spirit a one god, whereas the saint are just really good people. i think they're considered more angelic than godly."
"i do not know what type of coffee you drink, but if you have a -insert several syllable here- coffee drink, then you are probably getting used to a lot of fat and sugar, which once you get used to constantly consuming is a tough habit to break. also, if you are dragging and a starbuck's specialty drink with a lot of cafeine is your daily pick me up, you have conditioned yourself to associate a certain starbuck's drink with a very positive effect."
"it i because you want to share your knowledge with the world and answer more questions. of course, now that the have doubled the number of question a person can answer, you will never stop answerng question once you get to level 2."
"because it is an old tradition, from the time when peple lived in small towns, willages and they hade healthy relation among themself.. . modern civilization made u all sick, so we are asking sick question like this one."
a ink (bindhi) on the forehead is put by most hindu woman signifiging womanhood and celebration of life. and by men on holy occations / in temples.. hindu woman wear sindoor (bindhi) on thier forehead to signify that they are married. at the same time widow do not wear any kind of sindoor.
"gracie allen might have started it all with her on stage character dumb dora. in the mid-1920’s, she wa teamed with george burns, who became her strait-man, asking her question on stage. several songs, including a fox trot (dum-deedle-dee-um dumb dora), popularized the character further. it seems that woman more than men have kept this stereotype alive over the next few generations."
"professional who monitor and assist the social, emotional, and psychological growth and development of a child and family. . . this person work at helping individual or the community enhance their capacity for social functioning."
"i like them sunny-side up, with a gooey center, good for dipping toast strip into. :)"
"modern religious thought is the struggle to reconcile religious tradition with the 20th century triumph of science and secularism. one way to do this is to believe that religion is therapeutic and therefore valuable in one's private life, although we shouldn't let our public institutions, like institution of science or courts, be run according to religious tenets. one indicator of this struggle is the fact that more people report that their conception of god are personal or hybridized. picking and choosing the best part from different religion now seems acceptable to many, but would have been considered blasphemous by all in past centuries."
"including only 1st world or developed countries. singapore ha the least crime.they have stiff laws.. like getting caught with drug carry the death penalty,no question asked. you can get caned for littering( whipped on bottom of foot with bamboo). i think usa ha the most"
"because there is a need for order. even if government wa abolished and anarchy took hold, there would still be some form of social structure to take place. it's human nature."
"god talk to each one of u in mysterious ways. do not worry, listen to your heart and pray for guidance from god."
"if you believe that evolution is a lie you ought to ask yourself whether applying logic to belief is a helpful attitude if the application of logic to observable fact and the formulation of a theory to explain these fact result in a lie.. . since god is almighty and unlimited, why shouldn't god have allowed evolution to happen?"
"i use pita bread a my crust (i like my crust thin) i put olive oil in top of the pita bread, then my sauce (i use tomato sauce with salt pepper and what ever else catch my eye at the time) put some shredded cheese on top of that along with what ever topping i feel like, throw it in the toaster oven cook it until the cheese is bubbly. it usually take about 15 minutes, depending on how high you set the oven. it's good :)"
"bouillabaisse is a traditional provençal fish stew originating from the port city of marseille. it name come from the two french word bouillir (to boil), and abaisser (to reduce). bouillabaisse is often only served when there are large group of people, a it is time-consuming to prepare and it ingredient are expensive. the stew and the fish are usually served in separate bowls, with the stew poured over slice of french bread seasoned with a spicy type of aioli (garlic mayonnaise) called rouille."
i suggest you also bring in a tray of cooky or box of chocolate for others to share. this will deter the non-gifted from complaining a they will be on a sugar high!
"the meaning of life is to find your own personal meaning in life. everything mean something, but at the same time, nothing mean anything. figure out what's important to you and be happy!"
"i have to say that you can only do so much with talking, and if she cannot realize her mistakes, then you need to possibly let her learn her own lesson. irregardless, you should continue to be supportive to her at all times...which is much easier said than done."
"try an exeperiment : write down a one page essay on how you feel today : how is your mood? how doe your body make you feel? do you feel well rested after a night sleep.. then for two week, you try to eat healty and to jog 2-3 mile every day and drink plenty of water.. you then answer the same question that you asked yourself 2 week earlier. i bet that should be enough to break the habit."
"for the past two thousand year the ramayana ha been among the most important literary and oral text of south asia. this epic poem provides insight into many aspect of indian culture and continues to influence the politics, religion and art of modern india."
"the fibonacci sequence is a mathematical sequence of number starting from 0, 1, 1, 2... in which each number is the sum of the previous two numbers. to figure out how it wa used in the da vinci code, you have to read the book... it's a little complicated to explain."
"before it wa babylon, it wa babel. the tower wa man's attempt to rise above god. in response to this pride, god caused everyone to speak in different languages--thus breaking stopping their progression."
if you are a small startup copyright are not very useful. from my understanding if a competitor steal your idea the court cost are the issue. many of these case go on for year and cost lot of dough. consult with a small business lawyer.
"what are you talking about? this doe definitly not belong in washington, dc."
"because the hebraic lettering/numbering formula that equal the 666 that everyone so acutely distorts, doesn't have any bearing the bible a a book. historically, it probably refers to nero with respect to the persecution relative to the christian described in the book of revelation. 666 ha become more of a superstition than anything else, that is, with those who have no real concept of the bible, or the christian faith for that matter."
"i like gatorade better because it ha better flavors. also, i think it taste le salty than powerade."
"while fighting is wrong, some girl like power. it go back ages."
"if they're fresh, just slice the strawberry in half and sprinkle the powdered sugar on top. lovely."
"1,first you need to find a place to put on a preformance and make sure you will be able to put a preformance their and have proper time to rehearse the show their.. 2.next you need to have audition put an add in the paper telling your having auditions.id suggest having a reward to draw preformers. pick a wide veritey of act to keep the audience attention.. 3.once youve picked the preformers reaherse until the show perfect. then put on a show.. . good luck"
"an easy to read (and superficial, but good) guide to germany is the german way : aspect of behavior, attitudes, and custom in the german-speaking world (paperback). by hyde flippo. you can buy it used for about $4.. you could read the entire book on the plane it is that easy to read."
"enjoy beauty surrounding you, strive for happiness by supporting and helping others even when it doesn't seem like anyone appreciates it, take in all you can through your senses. life ha no meaning, it just is and we just go along but we can make it a wonderful journey. when you consider how long people have been around the average life span pass by in an instant. enjoy it while you can and live right for eternal life after your bodily death."
"energy drink pump you with caffeine and most have some kind of citrus extract in it.. all that caffeine is the main ingredient that force you awake. for me, i can swallow 2 caffeine tablet and gulp down a coupla' energy drink and i'd still sleep like a log."
"taj mahal is the name of a monument located in agra, india. it wa commissioned by the mughal emperor shah jahan, the son of jahangir, a a mausoleum for his persian wife, arjumand banu begum, also known a mumtaz-ul-zamani. it took 23 year to complete (1630 - 1653)."
"take chicken peices, celery, onion, salt, pepper, and water and let it simmer. when the meat fall from the bone, strain the stock into another pot, check the seasonings, and there it is, chicken stock. take that meat and make the best chicken salad ever!"
fat free milk is from cow that are fat but the fat is removed from the milk. . non fat milk is from cow that have always been fit-n-trim. you can drink it straight from the cow
"according to the classical roman grammarian the latin accent fall on the penultimate syllable if this is long and on the antepenultimate if the penultimate is short; thus it would be pronounced ducimus ['dukimus], but ducâmus [du'kamus]. the particle –que, -ne, -ve attracted the accent to themselves, i.e. to the penultimate syllable, regardless whether it vowel wa short or long: multáque, omniáve, tantáne."
it's a symbol of the fact that both good luck and bad luck will eventually pass. wikipedia ha more at the link below.
"actually, they didn't.. . papier mache (french for “chewed paper”) is believed to have got it name from french worker in london papier mache shop who did just that! whether this is actually true or not we shall probably never know. the manufacturer didn’t seem to mind this idea being put about - possibly because it gave them the chance to hide their true method and recipes, some of which little is known about even today."
"islam mean peace, literally. so the core of it must be peaceful, right?"
"many people may use gay a a slang term referring to someone being idiotic or stipid. . another definition is to be happy, and light-hearted. yet another definition is having sexual orientation to person of the same sex"
"the word yulem is derived from ylem, which is the first substance from which the element were formed. specifically, yulem is the quality of having been formed naturally into an object of unique interest. the three operative word in the definition are naturally and unique interest. naturally is included to exclude human-made objects."
the dent on the bottom of a wine bottle is called a punt. it is found on the bottom of champagne/sparkling wine bottle and some still wine bottles. the main purpose of the rounded bottom or punt is to strengthen the bottle--especially important for sparkling wines--but punt also can be useful for collecting sediment and for pouring wine (it provides a place to put your thumb).
"diplomacy is the art and practice of conducting negotiation between accredited person (the diploma of the diplomat) representing group or nations. it usually refers to international diplomacy, the conduct of international relation through the intercession of professional diplomat with regard to issue of peace-making, culture, economics, trade and war. international treaty are usually negotiated by diplomat prior to endorsement by national politicians.. . in an informal or social sense, diplomacy is the employment of tact to gain strategic advantage, one set of tool being the phrasing of statement in a non-confrontational, or social manner."
"basically, it's because adult pigeon hide their nest well. cecil at the straight dope ha an explanation that's more complete."
"the obvious answer is that you're not adding the correct amount of sugar (or the recipe doesn't call for enough), but it could also be the vanilla; i recently had to add a little extra vanilla to a chocolate chip cookie recipe to make it a bit sweeter. without the vanilla, it wa more like a biscuit than a cookie! be careful, though, vanilla is strong--add only a little more at a time."
"be kind to them and be patient with them. people with schizophrenia are just people who are tormented by hallucination which are caused by a chemical imbalance. people with schizophrenia are very rarely violent people, although sadly that's what most people are mislead to think."
"a pate typically soft and spread on thing like bred or crackers. while many pate are baked in a loaf pan, others are not. a terrine is firmer and is more like a meat loaf in consistency, though it can be vegetarian. it is always baked (or gelled) in a loaf pan and served in slices."
"in addition to all the other answers, while dreaming you have no control, it more your fear and anxiety that show up in dreams. but when you are day dreaming you can really give free rein to your desires, fantasy and imagination. whatever you want to , you can think of and become while day dreaming!"
"because people feel that everyone should be responsible for the environment, except them. it the typical double standard. it easier to preach than it is to actually follow your own advice."
"it go back to the civil war. a north carolina regiment showed particular bravery in one battle, and refused to retreat even in the face of fierce fighting by union troops. they stuck to their defensive position a if they had ""tar on their heels."" thus the name ""tar heels"" wa born."
"""mashita"" is not a word, it is a suffix added to a verb that make the verb past tense. it serf the same function a adding ""-ed"" to the end of a verb in english. for example, the verb ""to eat"" is tabemasu - if you change the verb ending to ""tabemashita"", it now mean ""ate""."
yahoo provides more service then google does. and every now and then they come up with excellent feature such a yahoo 360! and now yahoo answers. for me yahoo rock and it ha the best mail service i have tried yet.
philosophise.. the title trnaslates a lover of wisdom.. people who think about the universe and any of it's parts.
"mountain dew, made by pepsi, is by far my favorite pop. it taste smooth and refreshing. plus it ha the natural goodness of orange juice (not that it make it any better for you)."
"furniture manufacturer don't need to buy free-lance designs. they have plenty of designer on staff. you can always contact the third-party company if you like, but don't be surprised if they aren't interested."
"take it this way: english, spanish, italian, french, latin, they all use the same alphabet. mandarin and cantonese also use the same alphabet."
"islam is not violent. islam is a very peaceful religion. however, not all muslim follow islam the way it should be like not all christian are true followers, etc. so, you can't really generalize."
"personally, and this is just my opinion, i see this a a very unfortunate side-effect of the megachurch movement. many, although not all, megachurches place attendance number above ministry. something is not viewed a successful unless a huge number of people attend. attendance will be way down on christmas, so the service are not worth having."
"if you live in costa rica, a i do, you cannot find mirin to save your life! thankfully recipe offer another option! that's one reason :-)"
"do not listen to the person above me.. sherbert is a frozen dessert that ha milk. it is not classifid a ice cream because of it low content of milkfat or higher sweetner content.. to correct the person above me, sorbet is the stuff that doe not have any milk."
"the meaning of life is something that many ponder, and many have gone mad before they could ever realize the answer is not the meaning, but to live the the question. we have to live the question to realize that the answer is one we can only find in hindsight, after death we will look back upon out life and see oursleves searching for answer that we already carried in ourselves."
"some are translations, others are versions. with the later, there may be more room for the reader ""interpretation"" and an understanding that god could be ""he or she"". the best example i can recall is the reader digest version which came out a few year ago. a translation will help you to appreciate the actual text written in that time period and it is more likely to promote the true meaning of writings."
"a lot of the food wa steamed in banana leaves, kind of like how wounded said. i dont think they buried to much of their food in the ""imu"" or pit. vegetable and starch were steamed. fish and potiens roasted, steamed, and salted."
"i'm not sure if i remember this from the trilogy, or from one of the many book that have come out after it discussing the writer notes, etc. but my memory is that he sail across the sea on one of the last elven ship to leave the land, and dy of extreme old age living with them in their new home."
"the enzyme is known a lactobacillus and it can be found in yogurt or acidopholis milk. this enzyme is missing in the person's digestive system and they cannot tolerate dairy products. by adding this enzyme back to food that contain dairy, their digestive system will be able to tolerate the effect that normally would cause them significant bleching, nausea, diarrhea and stomach upset."
"vodka is just alcohol (distilled from fermented potato or grain or whatever's handy) diluted with water. gin ha various plant flavoring agent added (typically including juniper, hence the name)."
"pink ha many meanings, in the 1940s, it wa the color of choice for baby boys. in more recent years, it hold symbolism for the more feminine or fay, and sometimes it is used purely for impact, like the brightness of a horse jockey's uniform. i consider it to be a very beautiful and elusive color, one of intimacy and nature, since it is found so easily in the sky in the evening, and in flowers, and in skin. when you paint something pink, it's good to underpaint using a light ochre color underneath, because the power of pink bounce off of it and reflects an ethereal and captivating glow... if painted just right."
knorr is owned by unilever foods. try accessing their website and there is a contact u to send automated email to them.
"because they only grow in a few place in the world is the main reason. second is the fact that they are not easy to find and require specially trained pigs, though dog are being trained with some limited success."
"yes, yes, and yes. i had my husband home this year (he wa overseas last year), my son wa happy with his gifts, and my hubby did such a good job shopping for me!!! i wa so proud of him!!!!"
"vineger is a good choice, though any acid will do - try a splash of lemon juice, sooo good. also make sure that the water isn't boiling. it should be jusst above a simmer - almost to a boil, but not quite. make sure the pot or pan you are using is very clean, it make a huge difference."
"board stretcher are small wooden device used to carry sick or injured. they are also wood working tools, both real and imagined:"
"full size cucumber won't fit in canning jars. plus, small cucumber are more tender which make for better pickles."
"i have it in my index... maybe i have a newer version of the joy of cooking than you? i have a whole section on ""casserolling""... on page 130 of my copy of my paperback book. but a long, 1/2 page wide section in the index dedicated to casseroles."
heaven on the earth. what a lovely place it is... i have gone back to past (2 years) and recalled all the good and cozy time i had for 1 month.
"are you looking for a whole recipe or just tips? good tip from my south american mother - smother raw chicken in both worcestershire and soya sauce, generously sprinkle on thyme, parsley, salt, pepper garlic salt. pat on some butter before roasting. people who try our roast chicken always ask where the recipe came from."
the grand piano's mechanism is horizontal so it's much more direct when you want to control the sound a opposed to the mechanism on an upright which is vertical... a for the sound... word are useless.... vive le grand!!!
"click on the link below for directions. where the url ha princeton, type a different city if you want a different starting point."
"new clothes style are driven by the fashion dessigners. the good thing for u men is that we can see the baby is a girl or a boy, so we won't say ""what a cute baby boy!"" when it is a baby girl dressed in baby green."
"your best bet is to buy the book by jim zuckerman's. ""perfect exposure"". it give you infromation all about the spot metering with easy to read instruction and examples."
"if you have membership at costco, you can buy king crab leg there. but it depends on season, and it's available now for $12.99/lb."
"in italian ""di"" is a preposition meaning ""of"" or ""by"". since many of our word come from latin/italian/romantic languages, i would guess ""de"" is , of sign, or by sign."
i bought a microwave egg poacher from wal-mart that is very easy to use. you can make four at one time. the see-thru lid let you check the cooking progress while it prevents splattering. easy clean up.
"the energy that wa stored in your body dissipates into the atmosphere, your body begin the process of decay, people who cared about you mourn you for a bit, you are either cremated or filled with embalming fluid after your organ and blood are removed, the rest of the world move on with life and death. pretty much the same thing that happens to everyone..."
"it just a cute thing. i had an aunt that called my cousin the same thing, and she always had a twinkle in her eye when she said it! i think she meant it kinida like, ' you're crazy, but i love you, anyway'. it wa when my cousin would do something silly for attention."
"dr. clausenstein invented the first prototype santa in 1798 out of used human part that he assembled in a secret laboratory in the alps. while the original kris kringle wa a disaster, killing eight deer and seriously harming four small children, the very next attempt wa a complete success, never harming another soul or animal. although inconceivable today, dr. clausenstein wa never granted a patent for his creation and wa subsequently hanged for abominable crime against humanity, forcing the monster satan claus (as he wa known after the trial) to flee to the north pole."
"we're here to learn, that's why thing stink so often. it's learning the hard way that get the best result."
202 748 86 30. 202 728 91 22. 202 577 24 10. or check their web
"it doesn't. ""intelligent design"" is religion, plain and simple. school teach testable science, based in objective reality."
"not sure where in jersey you are, but you'll want to take nj transit to penn station. from penn station, take an a or c train uptown to 59th street/columbus circle. when you come up to the surface, you'll be at the southwest corner of central park."
"ecclesiastes 12:13 - ""let u hear the conclusion of the whole matter: fear god, and keep his commandments: for this is the whole duty of man."". . this is what god led solomon to write about the purpose of life."
"take peices of bread and bake in the oven until crisp... do not put in toaster they will not get crispy enough and will probably burn. then take them out and either put them in a bag and pound away or but into a blender and pulse a couple of times. also a good tasting ""breadcrumb"" is using kellogg corn flake and smashing or pulsing. lip smackin' good."
"this sound like a school essay question, a very familiar one, in fact. just a hint: use your textbook and note from class, and *think* about the question. if you study your class materials, you will find the answer."
"did you mean atma sakshatkara ?. . atma sakshatkara - self realization - literally, realization of atman, the true self."
"since this wa asked in wine & spirits, i'm assuming you're asking about the brand of tequila. patron is a high end tequila brand."
"do you mean cinnamon life?. ""cause thats great stuff!. . seriously who do you think is going to really answer this question?"
"""catering is the business of providing food service at a remote site."" for a more indepth description of it, though, check out this link:"
"life ha no meaning other than what you, the individual make of it. the answer is different for each individual.. . quit asking stupid question on the internet and go out and make something of yourself!"
it's a small difference; a fifth of alchool is bigger than 750 mililiters (with about 3 and a half spoons). 1 u gallon = 3.78 liters. (1 u gallon) / 5 = 757 milliliter (ml)
make tea and place honey and lemon inside dont talk at all for one week. im a choral singer to i understand what ur going through just do that and you should have ur voice back soon enough!!! good luck!!
"this is purely european, cose asia is in the east of europe. on one hand, middle east (""moyen orient"" in french) is the closest part of asia to europe, that's y they call it middle;on the other hand , other country like indi, for instance, are in the extreme east(""extreme orient"" in french)."
"russian go to church. our xmas is on january 7th, and before that we celebrate new years, which is when we give each other the bulk of the presents, have dinner and parties-- christmas is more religious, at least in my personal experiences."
"the term deus ex machina is used for case where an author us some improbable (and often clumsy) plot device to work his or her way out of a difficult situation. . . when the cavalry come charging over the hill or when the impoverished hero is relieved by an unexpected inheritance, it's often called a deus ex machina."
"i started saying excuse me when i sneeze because it just seemed appropriate. also did you notice how ""god bless you"" became ""bless you"" then ""bless"" and now nothing? that may be another reason why people just excuse themselves. a for the not covering their mouth i have no idea i cover my mouth for a couple of reason and i wish everyone else did too, i don't want to smell their breathe, see what they had for lunch, catch their cold or how much dental work need to be done."
"i would say that persistence is someone that ha a belief or a way of living a life or an idea how thing should be accruing and have those influence on every part of his/her life. by that i mean that they are consistence with what this see a the right way.. . stubborn, is someone who refuse to new ideas.. . i do agree with tim that stubborn is usually a negative connection while persistence is more likely to be positive"
"there is no reason it cannot be on another day. we made the calendar, and we named the days. whatever day it should be cannot be determined unless god open up the sky and yell out ""the sabath should be on this day!"" conclusion:we don't know when it should be, so we put it on sunday."
tree are green because of a substance called chlorophyll. chlorophyll is a compound in plant that convert radiant energy to chemical energy through the process of photosynthesis.
the smell is caused by the breakdown of a chemical called mercaptan. one of many sulphur compound in asparagus.
"even though the main content of coke and pepsi are similar, their exact percentage proportion of using the content is different (and is not known publically). the research & development inside coke ha done a god job, by keeping up the fizz inside the presurized container, i.e. the carbon dioxide dissolved for more time than pepsi, which directly result from using different proportions."
"not all american do, and it not only american who like them. give any kid around the world a french fry and he just a likely to like it a much a anybody. french fry arent even french."
"a chowder usually ha potato in it and it is made with cream ir milk and could be clam or corn or another type of chowder. a bisque is a creamed based soup. a stew ha a lot of different vegetable and meat in it, but generally doesn't have alot of water in it. soup is generally ha a great deal of water in it, withe vegetable and meat."
"if you are a japanese citizen with a japanese passport, you don't need a visa. you are automatically granted a 3 month visitor visa to the usa. you can stay for 90 day without need for a visa."
"castor or caster sugar is the name of a very fine sugar in britain, so named because the grain are small enough to fit though a sugar ""caster"" or sprinkler. it is sold a ""superfine"" sugar in the united states. because of it fineness, it dissolve more quickly than regular white sugar, and so is especially useful in meringue and cold liquids. it is not a fine a confectioner’s sugar, which ha been crushed mechanically (and generally mixed with a little starch to keep it from clumping)."
buy an airplane ticket. get on the plane. you're there !!
"i'm a 911 dispatcher, and i'm very aware of when/who my officer search people when they're on a routine stop. from my time working here, they search everyone equally. most of the time, they'll start searching someone if they find out the subject is lieing about something, and most especially if the subject smart them off."
"if you're insecure and can't think for yourself. scientology, like any cult or religion, is based on supernatural mysticism. stick to objective reality, and you'll be fine.. . by the way, scientologists believe that alien populated the earth, or some such absurd story."
"a tavern is, loosely, a place of business where people gather to drink alcoholic beverage and, more than likely, also be served food, though not licenced to put up guests. the word derives from the latin taverna whose original meaning wa a shed or workshop. the distinction of a tavern from an inn, bar or pub varies by location, in some place being identical and in others being distinguished by tradition or by legal license.. by the 19th century they became commonly known a pubs."
"to be politically correct. there are people here that don't celebrate christmas, so it's politically correct to say happy holidays, rather than merry christmas!!"
"you should get your animation seen by a many people a possible. this can mean putting them up on a website or entering them in festivals. if you go the latter route, don't forget to look at short film festival a well a animation festivals. a good place to look for festival to enter is without a box."
"compared to the majority of the world, which ha a traditional view of human sexuality and relationships, the american attitude on sex portrayed in movie and television, is embarrassing and appalling to most of the world: muslims, asians, africans. from the majority world's perspective, american sexuality is immature for being uninhibited.. . implied in the question might be a preference for an even more progressive attitude about sexuality. one may need to make a case for that on a basis other than the ""rest of the world."""
"that is one of the worst idea in the long, sad history of bad ideas. it's unconstitutional, it wouldn't keep gun out of the hand of criminals, (after all, none of the other gun control law have been able to control guns), and the only way to enforce it would be to send police door to door, searching everyone's home, which is also unconstitutional."
"he exists outside of time... therefore our question about past, future and present are really off base. . nevetheless, love is the answer."
"feeling is what you ""feel"" inside. emotion is the name of the feelings.ie: i feel giggle, like dancing, like i am on top of the world- the emotion i am feeling is happiness."
"you need to hold them over a steaming kettle for 5 minutes, then place it on a flat surface and place a lot of books/weight on them to crush them flat. let dry and enjoy."
it's immature corn. certain variety have been developed especially for early harvesting.
"some people get motion sickness while trveling in car especially in the back seats, and some when the plane is taking off or while landing. this is due to the internal ear problem which is being affected by the atmospheric pressure or problem itself in the internal ear."
design is an artform. an artistic sense allows a person to intuitively decide where the placement and interaction of the different element of a design will be visually appealing and send a clear message.
"loads! for one they speak entirely different dialects, their food is extremely different...for example vietnamese have pho and korean's have their fantastic korean bbq with the kim chi hehe yes der both asian culture but extremely different =p"
because drug are addicing. i'll pray for that person u speak of.
the best and safest way to book a taxi is through your hotel. just ask the front desk or concierge to arrange a taxi for you. taxi in russia are often independent driver and you will get a better price if a native speaker arranges it for you.
"look for a plan parenthood in your area, they have anonymous abortion and offer counseling. they also give free condoms, which may come in handy."
"cause that is what we're trained to be since birth. gotta make money for ceo and shareholders, gotta work our life away. it is called wage slavery. get used to it, it is one of two choice you have - the other being suicide."
"my old granny did the soaking in saltwater and rinsing thing, but also put in a teaspoon of bicarbonate of soda while cooking. she had a history of gas problem and a hiatal hernia. old country doctor advice and folklore."
"i don't think it's socially acceptable, then again it depends on the circle you run around in including the age group. hope that helps. cheers. m7"
"wow... the best answer i've ever heard wa given to me by the 19 year old daughter of my dear friend during her college interview (with me). when asked how she reconciled her devout faith with the study of astro-physics (her declared major), she responded ""i see physic a the study of god's creation"". i think that scientist are examing and exposing god's greatest and infinite wisdom."
"to see all the lights, sounds, and people. it is definately an experience everyone should have sometime in their lives, without children. it is a total adult playground with something to always do, see, be a part of, buy, or eat. there are so many awesome hotels, shows, and sites, it is hard to not want to go at least once."
because microwave reheat/cook food from the inside out. that's why the crust becomes soggy it never received direct heat. an oven heat from the outside with direct heat on the crust which is why the crust will become crunchy.
"ngo's and non profit are cake to get into, but not always the best. large church (5000 or more) often have designer too, that's where i got mine and it wa good because there's a lot of diversity in the project you get to do. however, some will only take you if you agree with their doctrine."
"an elegy is a poem that honor the dead. it's usually the kind of thing you'd read at a funeral.. . one of the most famous is funeral blue by w h auden and wa used in ""four wedding and a funeral"""
"i really dont know why in english it like this, in arabic the word allah make much more sense.. . but pls dont be sick and compare the two word"
be a tour guide or a travel agent. or a traveling salesman...
because some people are really really stupid!!!! and don't have any common sense that hey this is peanut butter but doe it contain nuts?
the salt. you can use garlic salt where it say to use powder but then don't add more salt till you taste.
"i felt the same at age 17. at 24 i married my wife knowing that we couldn't conceive our own kids. in 1982 we began to search for a baby to adopt and found that we needed to include ""special needs"" kid because there are so many available to adopt. our kid are now 22,20,18,16 and by some miracle i became a family-man."
go to miami or venezuela for a start. there u should be able to get a nonstop flight.
son they bittin on ur style cuz they like u ...they like how u dress besides u waz the 1 that started it they the followers...that happend 2 me ppl b bittin off of me 2!!!
check out this link! ha all the info for it :-)
"well, einstein's theory of relativity have given u the most precise clock in history, satellite technology and an understanding of our universe many believe makred a technological singularity. shakespeare gave u literature that wa engaging. i believe that the perception that the science give u practical application whereas the creative art simply evoke conversation and discussion is the reason many people view them a being 'smarter'."
"my understanding is that the creator organized his being from some huge pre-universal black hole from which the all spoke (big bang) and created motion (the creator).. . since the motion wa outward and forward, thus positive, it wa called he and him."
"most archeologist live by teaching or doing research. there are very few good paying job out there. of course, if you can write really well, you can submit grant application and might get lucky.. . just my advice, but i'd listen to your mother... get a degree in a major where you can find a job when you graduate, and minor in archeology a a hobby."
"if it chunky, put the candlestick into the freezer. it'll shrink and peel out. other wise, hot water will wash the wax out."
"he took a group of men, who were barely an army, an led them against the most powerful country on the planet at the time. the chance for success were very slight (we really should not of won the revolution) and the penalty for failure would of been hanging. thats the short of it."
"turnabout is fair play. . actually, it is because christian believe in the golden rule, do unto others a you would have them do unto you. since they have done a lot of persecuting, it can only be a reasonable conclusion that it is because they want to be persecuted."
"for the same reason they cohabitate in any nation: sometimes tied to lack of committment, lack of faith in the marriage covenant, lack of faith in themselves, lived through bad marriage experience with their parent or former spouse, to (theoretically) save money, to play at being married. some people think that if they are compatible in cohabitation, they will be compatible in marriage--but this usually miss the point of true covenental committment. canada is not unique in the western world."
"simple - because it taste good. anything that taste good is bad for you. it might also have something to do with the sugar that it contains and the fact that candy bar are ""empty calories"""
"i don't. you met the wrong white people. there are many nice ones. please don't generalize, thanks."
"a quinceanera is a latina girl's 15th birthday. many girl celebrate this event with a big party with lot of friends, which sometimes becomes a very expensive event."
you go to an antique dealer. if s/he doesn't know s/he will probably know a document specialist. if it's not by a famous person or typed with a rare typewriter it's probably only worth curio value.
"because during that one winter it wa really bad and a lot of people would have just given up. he stuck with it, and visited the troop often instead of living in his cozy house with his staff."
"too bad the previous answer are kind of silly.... . i think that if people truly loved their neighbors, they would have a very hard time taking advantage of them or hurting them at all. many of today's world problem would simply disappear: hunger, rape, abuse, materialism, and so on. it would be great."
"srisailam is one of the twelve jyothirlingams. the shrine is located in kurnool district, and is about 232 km from hyderabad, and 132 km from nandyal.. . srisailam find reference in ancient hindu puranas, and the epic mahabharata."
"since this is in the book & author section, i'll just throw out there that for centuries, the presence of a hymen constituted proof that a woman wa still a virgin, and therefore chaste and a suitable and virtuous bride. this 'certification' of virginity (although the above poster wa quite correct; many woman don't even recall when theirs wa broken) importantly wa also assumed to constitute proof that a woman wa free of venereal disease."
"some vegan replace white table sugar with unbleached cane sugar or dehydrated and granulated cane juice, both of which are available in natural food stores. most of these product can replace white sugar measure for measure for general use (such a on cereal or in beverages) and in recipes. these product are typically darker in color than white table sugar -- ranging from light amber to rich brown -- due to their naturally higher molasses content. this can sometimes alter the flavor of recipe and may also affect the color of the finished product."
it probably didn't even know there wa a road there. it wa just out for some exercise.
"the first prime minister of india , pandit jawahar lal nehru, called dam and factory a the temple of modern india. i hope thats what you might have read/heard a a reference."
an endangered dolphin that is native to the ganges and indus rivers. it is blind and hunt for food by echo-location.
"he is coating the pan prior to cooking and doe not want the extra oil in it. olive oil is however very pricey, so why doesn't he buy the olive oil spray. this way he can just spray the pan without wasting oil and a paper towel to boot...."
"good old fashioned- american lazziness! i believe that unless the problem directly effect some people(like a bomb blowing off one of thier limbs), they won't care. sad, but that's reality."
"we saw a little link to yahoo! answer from another yahoo! page. we posted something and quickly got addicted, in most case avoiding other more important things."
"also, when you are making a request you can say o-mizu kudasai. and if you want cold water in a restaurant you have the option of saying o-hiya kudasai. hot water is o-yu. your safe bet is o-mizu."
"it start with finding the best quality meat you can find/afford. your taste for fully cooked beef also factor in a the firmness of the meat is directly related to how long you cooked it.. searing (cooking at very high temperature at the start) help to preserve a lot of the moisture inside the steak. allow your steak to rest before you cut it so the juice do not spill and leave you with tough, dry meat."
"eurorail? you can backpack and hike around - check out rick steve's europe through the back door if cheap european travel.. . he ha great ""do it yourself"" guide for european travel."
"domestic violence is violence between family members.ex:father-son, husband-wife. hope you'r not experiencing this!!"
"a kippah (hebrew: כִּפָּה, also kipah, kipa, kippa, plural kippot; yiddish: יאַרמלקע, yarmlke, yarmulke, yarmulka, yarmelke, le commonly called kapel; english: skullcap, cap of maintenance) is a thin, usually slightly-rounded cloth cap worn by observant jew (usually men, but not always; see below). kipot range in size from 4 inch in diameter to 9.5 inch (100 mm to 240 mm) or larger."
"people hate others because they don't like themselves. they see in others some part of themselves that they don't like or are afraid to let themselves be because they think others won't like them.. . a lot of times, people gain acceptance, of a kind, by belonging to a group. that group is stronger, ha a better connection, when they can find a common enemy - an outsider that they can gang up on."
it's a refridgerater with a hookup for co2 to allow beer to be served from the outside of the fridge.(via a tap handle)
they're taking out the pain on you that's been inflicted on them by other people. a viscious cycle and unfair cycle but it happens alot.
"london (or ""cockney"") accent often have the following features: dropped h (""where's my 'at?""), soft r (""mewwy chwistmas"") and the ""glottal stop"" (""bu-uh"" instead of ""butter"")."
"very good question!! besides age we should also be able to choose height, weight, build, etc - anything that make u our own unique special selves!!"
"diwālī or dīpāvali (also transliterated deepavali; sanskrit: row of lights) is the hindu festival of lights. . . diwali is celebrated over five days, for more information about each day activities, view the link below"
peace of mind!. . thats it... u do everything just for it!
"i believe you should definately pray about it, define what area of ministry you want to get into and location you might be interested in serving at, get guidance from your local bible college or from church. search the internet postings, search in google ""ministry jobs"" or something like that. be patient, persistent, passionate and believe in your call, and ultimately that god who called you will show you the way. even if you start a a volunteer or intern, do it, get yourself out there and start serving."
b i t c h . but in a nicer way . sorta kinda
"you're the first person i've seen to ask a question and give the answer.. . anyway, your recipe sound delicious."
"i think introspection is very important, but also experience. the more you know about yourself and your abilities, the more your confidence grows and you'll know what is right for you and what you want."
is this a cooking question? or maby you want some recipies on how to improve your life...get one!
"that above, and the effect of ""mob mentality"".. you should also check out ""wholly moses"" with dudley moore. though not a monty python satire, it's about a charcter who think he's been called by god. his character wa on the same mountain while moses wa speaking with god. it's pretty funny."
"""george pólya (december 13, 1887 - september 7, 1985, in hungarian pólya györgy) wa a mathematician, who wa born in budapest, hungary and died in palo alto, usa."". . i did not find the cause of death, but stroke a quoted in the previous answer with the source is almost certain."
destiny is inevitable. destiny is the future.. . the real question is whether it is predetermined or not...
"i thionk the answer is pure greed. the world produce enough food to feed u all. unfortunatly, there are government that refuse help in feeding their citizens( n. korea) and country that are so corrupt, that the leader accept the aid and seize it and sell it on the open market, allowing their citizen to starve (somalia) i dont believe that hunger will ever end on this planet."
"actually, german, french, italian, polish...they're all considered to be ""ethnic"" cusine and from europe. it's considereded ""ethnic"" in the u.s. because it is traditionally from another region & not something commonly served in a u.s. household. it can't be called ""foreign"" because that would be politically incorrect.........i guess. whatever the reason, this country wouldn't be what it is today if it weren't for our wonderful blend of so many ethnic foods!"
it's two quarter pound patties.. i guess a half pounder would be one big ole half pound patty.
i don't see the bible mentioned anywhere here. have you read any of the holy bible to answer your question of morality? it's one source with one truth.
"it is also called chitterlings or chitlins. it is the small intestine of a hog that is chopped-up, simmered in spice for almost a day and is a favorite among some southerner on thanksgiving. it origins, i believe, came back in the day of slavery, after slave master had gobbled up the bacon, pork chops, loin and other good cut of pork, they gave the leftover to the slave — pig’s feet, ear and the large intestines."
"so that we can go back again and the next time around, we make sure that what we are climbing is not a wrong path anymore. truthfully, we make mistake because we are only human and it serf a a guide so we can be a better person. just don't forget to get up when you fall ok?"
"there are a lot of cruise discount available, both from the line a well a discount service and travel consolidators. do a search on it and you will find literally thousand of sites. or check out hotwire, one of the web's best source of low-cost travel."
"same reason murder exsists.. doesn't mean we have to do it right?. . the lord ha given u the great gift of free will and unfortunatly, some or most tend to abuse it and misuse it."
"""beware the man of only one book"", anonymous, quoted by isaac d'israeli in curiosity of literature [1791-1793]. . it's latin, which i'm sure you knew already"
sociology is important in that it is the study of how human interact with each other. this can help explain the many trend that exist in human society and provide a way of predicting trend in the future. it is a vital tool in the effort to solve many of the social problem that exist.
clean is free from visable dirt or soil. sanitized mean the level of harmful organism (bacteria etc.) ha been reduced to a same one. sterilized mean free from any living organizm.
"it's made from tomatoes. that's why every company that make it dye it red! i, personally prefer ketchup."
"to add something to humanity. there are billion of people living in this world, and they use the creativity of others. count how many people out there who added something new to this world and you will find them too few. it doesnt have to be tangible, even people who make the crowd laugh are better for humanity than a regular person who doe nothing more than ordinary."
"the translation is ""el guía del idiota total""! but i am not really sure if that is what you wish to know... (?)"
"well, i always see my mom smell it. if it smell too sour then that mean it already expired."
"the vagina from hell- it lure you in, then you can never get out, untill the uterus monster eat you alive. haha"
"actually both spelling are correct, period. there are a few word that really just have multiple way to spell correctly. kind of strange really, but there's no difference whatsoever."
"go to your local public library and visit with the reference librarian or just browse the 100's(dewey decimal number) section. often time there are many useful book to point you in the right direction. often an author will list useful website if it is a modern work. or just try the internet.... ,"
"the bible ha been rewritten and edited many time so it is loaded with mistake and contradictions. that said, the purpose of the bible is to tell story in the hope that people will be good. in that way it is a good book."
because people are selfish in nature. they look out for themselves before they look out for common good. this will always lead to conflict.
"a adult we like having the support of our parents, now imagine a fragile child facing the cruel world without a mother to take him on her lap or a father to make him feel secure, without a real family for christmas. not knowing your parent is like not having roots."
some lesbian and gay people have a really hard time of it because they aren't seen a normal and i honestly think they resent someone who 'can't make their mind up' but have the choice to 'act' straight because they dont have that choice. also there is a big thing about lesbian sleeping with bi woman because there is a chance that they have recently had sex with a man and are seen to be 'dirty' (lesbians are the lowest risk group for some stds). of course it is all down to the individual person some gay people dont think this way at all!
"bbq involves using sauce and rub and is a longer process.. . i have to comment on the post below... the definition of a ""grill"" is a surface made up of bars, there is no way you can grill on a flat solid surface!"
"true it is a candy, but if you are refering to that dumb-a$$ song, ""shake dat laffy taffy"", it is being used a a metaphor for a part of a woman's anatomy.. (i'm surprised they haven't been sued yet). . just like chick-o-stick (also a confectionary) is also used in the song a a lame metaphor for a man's penis.. . get the picture?"
it is just another way of the man holding u down.... why is it that the black olive are a can?? what make the lighter olive deserve a pemento and a glass office?? it is rediculous if you ask me...
"stained glass window are traditionally made by wraping the edge of piece of colored glass with lead strips, and soldering them together to form picture or pattern with the various colors. it's not extremely difficult to do, but doe require lot of patience and some creativity."
ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! i wouldn't eat those if they were the last thing to eat on earth
"life is a multi-faceted concept. life may refer to the ongoing process of which living thing are a part, the period between the conception (or a point at which the entity can be considered to be an individualized being) and death of an organism, the condition of an entity that ha been born (or reached the point in it existence at which it can be established to be alive) and ha yet to die, and that which make a living thing alive."
"in what regard? many school district define ""gifted"" child a those with an iq above a certain level, such a 135. you can be a ""gifted"" artist, musician, or writer, meaning those thing tend to come naturally to you. the same thing go for sport or acting or anything, really."
"here in the northeast usa it pretty cold too. we all have high heating bill to pay this year.. maybe there are local agency that help with fuel bills, call around and see.. do like i do and put on a extra sweater."
"infant are baptized by pouring water over the head (as opposed to sprinkling).. . the bible doe not state that immersion is necessary - simply that water be used and that it be in the name of the father, the son, and the holy spirit."
clean well. chop into appropriate sizes. saute in a hot pan with a little sesame oil. add some soy sauce and rice vinegar and crushed red chili flake at the end.
"i think it is a popular phrase amongst medium people, who want to compare the western interference in the middle east with ancient times' crusade (there were nine of them). that is: ""christianity v islam"".. so maybe the real meaning is to get the two religion to fight against each others?"
"the highly skilled migrant programme (hsmp) is designed to allow highly skilled people to migrate to the united kingdom to look for work or self-employment opportunities. the scheme now ha a new assessment for applicant aged under 28 a well a an assessment for those 28 and over.. . the highly skilled migrant programme differs from the general work permit arrangement whereas the applicant doe not need a specific job offer within the uk in order to apply.. . our team of experienced immigration consultant here ha helped thousand of people from around the globe to immigrate to country of their choices, helping them with all the required document needed to make their move more efficient and successful."
when they make donut they have to poke out the middle. the dot are the middle.
"a 'linguist' can be like a scientist who study the syntax and usage and stuff like that about a language. or if used a a name for someone who speaks languages, well, there's lot of thing like teaching, translation/interpretation, government work, etc."
"are you asking about tilapia? tilapia is a fish. coat it in flour, salt & pepper then fry."
"life is a multi-faceted concept. life may refer to the ongoing process of which living thing are a part, the period between the conception (or a point at which the entity can be considered to be an individualized being) and death of an organism, the condition of an entity that ha been born (or reached the point in it existence at which it can be established to be alive) and ha yet to die, and that which make a living thing alive."
what are u talking about? there' no snake on the un logo
"pick up a new hobby, continue your education, get a second job...do something for yourself. it will keep your brain on more productive thing and offer you a chance to meet new people."
"i'm with you.. . all over the world people are being imprisoned, tortured, killed, and we're worried about an extinct bird?"
"re-fry it. if the rice is hard, put it in a hot frying pan, put a little water in it, then cover. turn off the heat and let sit for a couple of minutes."
because they contain fat and sodium. you can eat them but not every day.
"i hope that he didn't die before accepting jesus a his saviour. if not, he's in big trouble!"
they wanted to find spice from asia such a india or indonesia. they did end up in east timor (used to be a part of indonesia) and colonize the island.
you eventually suffocate. stand up raise your hand and breathe. see how shallow your breath are? that's why they hung there for so long
that's the whole reason the two of you fell out? that seems like a pretty big reaction to a harmless-seeming difference in pronunciation. no wonder you're confused.
"shes playing you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! in a good way though. she love so so so much, you have to recognise it bro!"
"ask him how he would expect men to treat you. then explain how he treat other guy daughters, the woman he is calling names."
"they couldn't try her for being in a enemy army, and they couldn't figure out any other way to convict her. they decided that they would persecute her on the basis that she wore men's clothing."
"look closely at the image. if it is a print, you will see that the drawing/lines are made up of tiny dots. you may need a magnifying glass, depending on the quality of the print. if it's an original drawing, you will see the pencil markings, but no dots."
"that many of u do not have the developed sense to connect, but i do believe it exists. it even make sense scientifically to believe that energy can transfer to another form (spirit) after death."
"it doesn't mean to be afraid of him. it mean to respect him and honor his wish and think of how much he love and care for you and what he ha done for you. a ""fear"" of god is basically just having a conscience. knowing right and wrong and knowing when god wouldn't approve of something."
we are here on earth to love and glorify god. where we go next depends on whether we belong to god or not.
because it's pointless to get into a fact based argument with a religious person. you have 'faith' in your religion - which mean you believe what it tell you no matter what else you may see or hear. that's why non-religious folk tend not to get into it with you.
"make fun of the guy wearing abercrombie & fitch $50 polo shirts, then walk to the other end of the mall, buy a $50 'i am not a consumer whore' t-shirt from hot topic, then parade around the mall -- a bastion of capitalism and conformity -- wearing your new shirt and talking loudly about how you're stickin' it to the 'establishment'. follow up with high-priced fasion accessories, and makeup to further confirm with the 'non-conformists'."
"because a rump roast is not the best cut of beef to be using in a crock pot. a rump roast is more suited to the dry heat of an oven, where cooking it in the method you describe is more of a brazing method. try making the same recipe with a chuck roast, which is more suited to that cooking method, and i think you'll be very pleased with the results."
you should really learn adobe macromedia flash. check out their website for a free trial of the program. with the program you can draw or import your drawing into the program and make them move.
"we get stuck, nothing will change if you are not open to it, and through experience you grow a a human being, so you can't evolve without it. you have to be make it happen, if it seems like nothing come to you from outside. you make your fate..."
she probably feel taken-for-granted.. . ask or tell her something new.
"life is the continuation of our species, influenced by our environment, routed in our heritage.. . life is the journey we take, not the starting point or the end point.. . life mean live."
"there are really only two possible answers:. 1)you are a deadbeat.. 2)she is a whore.. my experiance, it's usualy #2"
you can take the slutty route and get a not-so-nice boyfriend. or you can just be your own best friend and love yourself and wait for love to find you. or try an online dating site.
"obsession. compulsive preoccupation with a fixed idea or an unwanted feeling or emotion, often accompanied by symptom of anxiety."
"life ha no meaning other than what you, the individual make of it. the answer is different for each individual."
"don't worry, you're not obsessed. i myself have read the book numerous times, including fantastic beast and where to find them, and even (accidentally) memorized some of my favorite quotes. only start worrying if you begin tapping brick wall with a stick. oh, and no matter how much ""floo powder"" you have, don't step into your fireplace."
"the strong bitterness of the coffee sort of void out your taste bud. then when you put the sweetness in there, it just taste even better to you taste buds. it´s chemistry."
"it mean my life to me.. i grew up hearing my grandpa and grandma story about my family, about other time and others way of lives.. i love my heritage is what i am plus my own experience of course!!. history is what we are today.... past is nothing and everything, leading u until today!"
"sunset to sunset, a it wa ordained.. . midnight to midnight is man's invention of reckoning time... which ha been erroneous ever since. yet we all continue to follow it. why is that?"
"this is not an easy question to anwer in this forum to do it honest justice, but there were certain 'criteria' so to speak, how certain gospel were transmitted, copied, etc., what gave certain document more or le 'credibility' or validity, who included them in their ""lists"" a document of the early faith.... . . if you're not satisfied with a ""because god put it together"" a some may liken to answer, here's a book i suggest regarding the subject."
"some need the help, others are just deemed 'different'. people who have and express thier own opions often of a morbid nature - well there must be something wrong!! so they just drug them up with lithium so they cant think, and if they still resist - they throw them into a psyc ward."
simple -- he initiated an unparalleled event in world history.... voluntary self-removal from power.
"born in chattanooga, tennessee, united state is largely regarded a the most popular and successful blue singer of 1920s and 1930s, and an enormous influence on the singer who followed her.. . since 1840, when the penny black featured a profile of queen victoria, it ha been a tradition worldwide for nation to honor individual on their postage stamps. typical choice include monarchs, important figure of history, politicians, cultural leaders, and (more recently) celebrities."
"jenghis khan, genghis khan or chinggis khan, the mongol conqueror. ""khan"" mean emperor, a title for mongol & turkish ruler."
"all sewing machine are different. if you don't have the instruction manual, you can usually find one online with the model number of your machine. the instruction manual will tell you how to wind a bobbin."
"it's a 2 footed jump. in the cha-cha slide, the jump can be forward and back, or from left to right. you should nod your head or turn your head from side to side."
"we are merely energy condensed to a slow vibration. heart and soul good song, t'pau, mid 80's"
"silicone. a material that is used to make lubricants, sealants, adhesives, gels, coating and breast implants. silicone (pronounced ""sill-uh-cone"") is different than silicon (pronounced """
public property is private to politicians. private property is public to all
"according to reynolds metals, maker of reynolds wrap® aluminum foil, ""the difference in appearance between dull and shiny is due to the foil manufacturing process. in the final rolling step, two layer of aluminum foil are passed through the rolling mill at the same time. the side coming in contact with the mill's highly polished steel roller becomes shiny. the other side, not coming in contact with the heavy rollers, come out with a dull or matte finish."""
"fencebender2002 ha it right. also, there are two judgement seats, the great white throne judgment where god will judge the nations, and the bema seat of christ where jesus will reward those who ran the good race. not to confuse you more, just wanted to make that clear. ;)"
"try to take the plot and say… hmmm, how would it go if… . for example, how could you make more of the story if you made a character gay, or if somebody got injured or if you enhanced a certain character trait in that one person."
"because he had to. i'm a writer. when it's in you, it ha to come out, or you go bonkers! my finger actually itch to get a pen or onto a keyboard!"
catholic can be categorized a christians. the difference is the catholic believe that their church (via the pope) ha absolute authority in matter of spirituality. the rest of the christian world (protestants) belief that spiritual authority come from the bible alone.
"technically, soda water is any water that ha been carbonated. seltzer water is mineral water. essentially they are the ame thing...kind of the different between distilled water and evian."
"i think being albanian is awesome. in fact i think all international people are cool. being of another origin, weather it wa ancestry or yourself, make you stand out from other people. i really dont know much about this culture though, but im sure it ha it good sides."
"a person find friend by doing the most simplest thing: just by talking to someone. if you talk to someone more then another person, then you are really close to that person and then you become friends. sometimes, you could be friend with someone and don't even know it."
"coimbatore. also known a kovai, coimbatore is the second largest city of tamilnadu and one of the fastest growing city in india. situated at the foot hill of nilgiris, it is known for it pleasant climate, peaceful atmosphere, cosmopolitan outlook and private enterprise. cotton textiles, electric motors, pumps, automobile spares, iron steel and aluminium casting form major export from coimbatore."
get a player card and spend lot of money. there more you play the more you'll get.
"oil are composed by lipids, these are chain of carbon, hydrogen and oxygen, these molecule are exposed to suffer change a any other organic molecule. oil can get damage with time, light and even more with air (principally oxygen), oxygen lack some electron and can take them from the molecule of the lipid and so the oil will be bad."
"porter are ale made with a variety of roasted malt for color and flavor. roasted barley, chocolate malt and black malt are often used.. stout are very similar to porter but there are difference in alcohol and residual sugar content. guinness (the signature irish stout), for example, is much dryer than a porter. sweet stout are also produced in some case and are sometimes referred to a milk stout because they are sweetened with lactose."
"lol. jack daniels, with cherry coke. my hillbilly cousin told me that."
"60,656,178 (july 2005 est.). for more information on france see link below"
"the fact that most indian i know and read about are just dying to get to any country but india. you can see indian living in almost every part of the world.. bollywood movie have smattering of indian-accented english which is extremely irritating, and in their movie somehow a girl ha to wear a micro mini skirt with a very dodgey top to be considered ""westernised and modern"".. movie show american indian coming back to india in their oh-so-accented english, which is, in my opinion, quite poor, and it reflects the trend of indian migrating to western countries.. more indian are starting to come off with this badly feigned british/american accent, especially the richer class and the movie stars. it's so pathetic.. many indian i've met are so dazzled by western culture they practically deny everything indian about themselves - with the exception of their food and religion."
"namaste: it is difficult at best to translate sanskrit because it is a conceptual language that rarely translates word for word to our modern english. ""namaste"" is a divine salutation. the classical sun salutation of hatha yoga are called ""suya namaskara."" the best interpretation i know for ""namaste"" is: ""the light (spirit, soul, higher self) within me recognizes, bows, and honor the light within you; and together we are one with this light (connected by a soul recognition with/to god and/or power of the universe and beyond)."""
"well you can always search the yahoo! member directory and do an advanced search and browse by female gender, but i can guarantee there'll probably be thousand of girl to choose from, so make sure you browse with a bottle of aspirin by your side."
"hard to say what the truth was.... but if you read 'the davinci code', it's got a really cool concept of what happened. very convincing with thier evidence."
"read ""drawing the marvel way."". it's an old book, but you can probably still find it in ""borders"" bookstore (if you are residing in us).. the cover might look cheesy, but it contains valuable lessons.. . even my friend who work a a penciller for dc comic use it once in a while."
northwest straight over alaska... remember we are on a big ball... think about it.
"the egg start producing steam internally and it ha no where to go because the of the shell. when the pressure of the steam reach a certain point the shell break apart and the ""boom"" happens."
first talk to family member and see what they know. you'll need name and date if possible. once you have that head over to your local public library and see what resource they can recommend.
textile artist use various technique to create work of art using thread and fibre sometimes in combination with paint or dyes. the most general example is needlework.
"if you stick around them long enough, you'll eventually see a big ol' truck come by and remove the waste (usually with a huge hose/vaccum thing). from there, it'll get taken and added to a sewer system somewhere, or a waste treatment plant."
"if you look at their web site, it give a few ""popular"" explanation (such a 1933 being when prohibition ended or the 33-word slogan or the number of ingredients). according to this link, nobody really knows, but it may have been a goof."
are you sure it's fondant? the only fondant i've heard of is the one you roll up and drape a cake with or liquid fondant where you glaze a cake with
stew are normally chunkier w/ larger more inexpensive cut of meat since u simmer it on low heat for a long time. most are made with a tomato base. while soup on the other hand don't require large cut of meat and are perfect for a quick meal w/ little time and ingredient involved compared to stews.
"well, i'm having friend trouble too. the only thing that can really help is trusting in god. being faithful a a friend ha it's ups and downs, but you need to stay strong. (or just get a new e-mail adress with yahoo/just don't give her the password)."
"roll it in flour, sprinkle it with a little seasoning salt and garlic powder, and then drop it in a deep fryer that ha been set at 350 degrees. make sure the grease is hot. fry until golden brown or until desired crispness."
"gothic architecture a a movement about the celebration of god a a form of supernatural light come from about 1140 ad, with the commission of the church at saint denis. it is important to know that a with most art movements, gothic architecture adopted a lot of pre-existing decorative style into itself, it didn't just spring up entirely out of nothing."
"this special reserved spot are because these model have had the highest incidence of theft, so they keep them aisled and with closer surveillance in order to protect these vehicle and owner's. well now i question, if they impart same responsability for the rest vehicle there, they should, well i guess they do. but yes i agree with the previous postee gentleman, that is the reason, vulnerability of theft."
many student have trouble understanding the poetic language in which they are written. a good side by side modern english/original text edition of a play can be very helpful.
"the 19th amendment.. . ""and so on august 26, 1920, the nineteenth amendment to the united state constitution became law, and woman could vote in the fall elections, including in the presidential election."""
"welcome to yahoo! answers. by the way, you're gonna get tired of seeing this question on here..."
"grand marnier is a first class orange flavored liqueur. it is made from cognac flavored with the peel of bitter haitian oranges, spices, and vanilla."
and three- it's called free will. people have the choice to educate themselves or remain ignorant.
"it wa coined by the greek to mean any non-greek speaking peoples. they had the idea that everyone else's language sounded like ""ba ba,"" thus, barbarians. it wa later turned into a word meaning uncivilized."
"with the help of a therapist or counselor, one must determine the source of the anger, and what trigger it. one must then address that issue and diffuse it."
it mean all of your friend are getting married and you feel like you're gonna be alone forever. :)
because man ha fallen short of the glory of god. because we are a stubborn and stiff necked people.. . and because of the sin nature.
"it's toasted, not stale. if the package is not airtight it will become stale. it'll be a little soft and not crunchy."
get your ear used to listen to english. and speak english a much a you can (of course after learning vocab and grammar)
because the blood that they bleed in their period is the same blood that is fed to their baby when pregnant so thus when they are not pregnant that excess blood that would go to a baby wind up bleeding out of the woman.. . when a woman doe have a histerectomy though she then no longer deal with having a period.
"the dirt, by motley crue.. . if you don't know, they are/were a metal/hair bad, very big in the '80's. the book is filthy, disgusting, and completely entertaining, i thought.. . if you don't like the crue, rock, or partying, this book is not for you."
you mix apple cider with vinegar???. (no this is not a sarcastic remark)
"i'm having trouble finding anything relating to phoenix's tear having power that isn't directly related to harry potter. this page i list in sources, however, doe note the healing powers. perhaps it's a little known celtic myth?"
"i going to assume u r asking why he sold lou. purchase to the u.s., it wa because he wa in major war debt because of his ""imperlitic"" napoleantic war"
"it mean that jesus' teaching were only meant for the people of israel of that period of time who are lost in this world.. . lost in this world mean that they had crossed out the line of god's command and did what he had forbidden.. . notice the capital word of ""were only"". it hold the key to the answer of seeking the right religion."
"thing which cause bread and baked good to rise:. yeasts, baking powder, baking soda and sometimes cream of tartar."
"a town called nature's valley on the coast of south africa. it's located in this lush lovely valley with a long white beach and incredible ocean life, hiking trails, and so many activity to do in the area that you will never be bored! :) absolutely love it!"
buy a can of blueberry filling. recipe's on label and voila!
"market value is a function of the worth (usually by weight or size in the case of precious or semi-precious stones) of the raw materials, whether the material can be reused, how fashionable the design is, whether piece is an antique (and if so, how rare, how old, and what wa the purchase price when it wa new compared to other jewelry at that time), and whether it wa designed or made by a prominent or well-regarded artist. if you are talking about something you strongly suspect to be extremely valuable, you will want to consult an appraiser for an insurance appraisal. consult your local yellow page or ask your insurance agent for a referral. please rest assured that the appraisal you will get if you do not specify that you want an insurance appraisal will likely be lower (since the appraiser may want to acquire your piece at a favorable price to himself)."
"it wa destroyed in the roman conquest of alexandria.. the roman had no care for it, because it wa connected to the royal palace. they also destroyed the lighthouse at the same time."
"they are an older culture and i guess it accepible to be who you are, and not use thing to make you appear better or smell better. but really, sex with a smelly bo person would not work for me."
"flour, sugar, a well stocked spice rack, breadcrumbs, salt, cornstarch, various oil (especially olive), pepper, hot sauce, vinegars, soy sauce, the list go on and on, but with these basic all you're missing is your protein. you can make just about anything."
we should be careful not to confuse cultural defense to racial issues.. . cultural defense go beyond racial profiling but rather go to the very core of people who are born-to and live in a place dictated by local custom and tradition unique to the place.. . cultural defense come into play if and only if a specific culture unique to the person and place is in danger by outside principle and truth that can infringe local culture and custom.
"christmas is the celebration of jesus birth.. it is celebrated with big party and gifts, and have become like the day for showing love, and generousity.. but if you are a christian person, it is a a day of joy and to remember the love and forgiveness that jesus brougth to humanity."
"this is done out of respect for the fire line,. the nightmare are bad enough but to have there. eye in the nightmare to would be unbearable to some,doesnt bother me"
"no, no, no. to leave a penny on the table with a tip mean the service wa above and beyond what wa expected. it is a good thing. to leave just a penny mean that you are not cheap but the service wa poor and they did not earn a tip."
"just visiting old questions, hope you found what you were looking for. have a nice day."
"the best advice i can give you is getting a few book on lizards, birds, and study artwork you like to see how the artist doe it. you will need to learn the basic skeletal system and musculature of a bird, lizard or snake; then combine them to get what you like. but there are also many differing type of dragon you may want to look at, the asian one look more like snake with wings, while the western one look more like lizard with wings."
"have a look at this site... it's all rather confusing at first glance though.. . (dthat"" is a demonstrative surrogate)"
"nudism/naturism, the word seem to be used interchangeably nowadays, is all about respect. respect for others who in turn respect you. and in this environment of mutual respect people feel comfortable enough to go without clothes.. . for more detailed info spiders' link above is the best place to start off."
"you just pick one that you like, and if you're a success, you can put your real name on it. yes, you still get credit for your work, because the reality is you wrote it."
"gayatri (gāyatrī) is the feminine form of gāyatra, a sanskrit word for a song or a hymn. gayatri is the name of a vedic poetic meter of 24 syllable (three couplet of eight syllable each), or any hymn composed in this meter. in hinduism, it is one mantra in particular, and a goddess a it personification. it wa written and developed by one of the greatest brahmarishi sages, vishwamitra."
"it's just part of her persona. it's like emeril and ""another notch!!"""
"if you are a great writer, you should start a blog. if you are looking to make money online, try ingenio."
"google language tool say boot in italian is caricamento del sistema, but that is the computer meaning of the word boot. shoe is pattino."
"if he is your friend, he probably can already tell. if he is interested in you, a relationship will develope in time and when he is ready. don't tell him. if he doesn't think of you in that way it may seem awkward for him and could ruin your friendship."
do you mean martin luther king jr? he wa a person who wanted segregation to end.
"same a what im askin.. but i guess it mean ""between""... for example: apettiamo nell bar fra venti minuti. in english, we will wait for you in the between 20 min."
"use colorful ingredients, like the big chilli (i don't know it name in english, lol) green or red, then if you like an orange tomatoes, then put more meat for people like it more except vegetarians... . . the second question obviously because it give you more nutrition than the over-cooked ones..."
go to your church and ask your preacher and other church choir member about your idea if they think it is a good idea then thats one step closer you are!! good luck. sophia
it is? say who? i think we just have more news coverage. not more rape.
"because sometimes you're on the go, and you get some local fast food and eat it when you walk. oft'times, such food is nast, and rather than swallow down the aftertaste and risk vomitting on the street, one spit instead. :)"
just bought some during halloween. they were miniature sized but before that i hadn't seen them in years. they looked the same but somehow were different so i don't know if some off brand company made them or not.
"well let me be the first to say hahahahahahaha......because i'm from south m and we southerner ""use it all the time"". ex: i'ma do it afterwhile, i'ma tell it if u don't, i'ma see if she's home....etc. rather than say i'm going to or about to; we say i'ma or fin too, or finin, finna etc...but surprisingly i never say fixing too....if anymore southern slang boggles your mind.........just ask.........take care"
"because people from different countries/cultures always say ""they are proud to be..."" or kiss me i'm irish. lebanese are not alone in this ""proud to be"" thing"
"try going to bed in time. when you lie down, try turning your brain off. try not to think of any of your daily chores. breath from your stomach,(just concentrate on your breathing, not thinkling of anything, you will fall asleep faster."
"the phrase ""thinking historically"" is most likely to be used before someone give an example of something that happened in the past that is relevant to what he or she is talking about. for example, if you were writing about the current iraq war and the protest that are occuring in the us, you might say something like ""thinking historically, protest of similar nature arose during the vietnam war, although today's protest aren't nearly of the same scale."". . hope that helps!"
"if you are talking about the first rambo movie, first blood is from a quote in the movie. rambo is talking to his old colonel, and say ""they drew first blood"" or something to that effect. he is referring to why he is going after the police."
i'm open to it but i really never heard of them being real. if i had on in front of me now i'd wish for enough money to never have to work again.
"a quick check of symbology website seems to indicate that whale are ""keepers of songs,"" and symbolize ""creative inspiration,"" a well a ten or twelve other things. (see below.) i'm not sure where these idea came from; if it is a modern construct or there is some historical precedent for symbolizing whale in this manner."
"the word ""yappari"" is used to express that something is ""as expected"". for example, you're going downtown and you expect the traffic would be bad. when you are out, you see that the traffic is bad, so you say, ""yappari[, traffic is bad]."""
"i've never been there, but i'd like to visit alstrailia. thier accents, hott!"
"human are evil. that includes male and female so am not discriminating. even though, some try to do some good but in end it back fire on them."
"*yawn*. . get rich, have lot of lovers, own a big car, treat other people like carp, watch lot of tv, play lot of video games, do lot of drug and alcohol, believe that jesus is the savior and try to convince everyone that doesn't believe this that they are going to hell.. . and that's the game of life!"
umm.. not too high!. cant c them from the top of my building!!
"jehovah doe not promise human a university education, but rather sustenance and covering, and only for those who do his will. it sound like your priority are askew. pray about this and pioneer."
"i think it's a southern saying. they have lot of folksy saying like that - argue with a fencepost, rode hard and put up wet, three sheet to the wind, in a coon's age, etc."
"do you know the name of the owner of the house? if you do, you should be able to look them up in the white pages.. . and do they not have a house number on their house somewhere?"
"to decorate walls. to have something other than a blank wall to look at. im sure the desktop of your computer isnt just a blank color. it just nicer to see something you want to see other than a blank wall, unless you just like looking at blank walls."
"wander around boulder looking at thing and shout go buff's once in a while.. . bad time of year to visit, though.. . much better in spring and summer.. . it's a nice place to wander about in then."
because we're also the only being that use le than ten percent of our brains! even the most intelligent human is a serious waste of potential.
"apsaras are not only celestial dancers, but they are the most beautiful creature in this material universe.. they live in the higher heavenly planet (accordind to veda there three level of planet - hellish, medium and heavenly). if you are a muslim and behave nicely this life, so may be next life you can go to the heavenly planet and enjoy with beautiful apsaras :)))"
"look in the dictionary and get defination of a cult my dictionary say specific system of worship devotion to a person,idea or activity: popular fashion.. this defination could fit many groups.. devotion to a person could be devotion to christ or some other religious figure. also most group have a specific system of worship. a christian in iran could be seen a part of a cult."
"someone who love and get aroused when he/she get naked and be seen by other people. in some case if the victim are get scream and scary to death, they're more aroused"
"watch ""supersize me"". it's great and explains a lot about this subject."
"join the military! you get paid, you get insurance, you have a place to sleep and food to eat, and you can get an education at the same time!"
"make something. basically, it sound tacky and cheap, but a long a it original and something that he/she would appreciate then it show you've really made the effort to think of something and put in the time.. obviously idea for making something can vary from person to person. a massive papier mache football for a footballer would be an obvious choice, but something like hanging a load of cardboard heart (that youve cut out) in their room, which youve also filled with candle would of course be cool. you could be sitting on the bed wearing whatever you like, depending on how spicy you wanna make things.. also, going out to dinner get a bit boring, so why not stay in and have a romantic candle lit dinner that youve made?"
their huge amount of slaves!!! slave labor built the world.
i think it ha something to do with the sodium in your finger. it work against the carbonation and cause it to decrease. i'm not 100% sure though. : )
"vanilla extract, in it pure form, is actually clear. most vanilla you buy in the store is ""imitation vanilla extract"" and brown dye is added to make it look more like natural vanilla. the clear version is a little more expensive."
"double knotting should do it, but sometimes they'll come out too.. . try the site below; they've got several way for tying shoelace"
du hast = you hate. reise = would travel
i think there are. i think there's a light red and a dark red
"basic difference is that, christian believe that jesus is the son of god, and muslim believe that he wa the messenger,(prophet), of god. and muslim believe that prophet muhammad (pbuh), is the last messenger, (prophet), of god, christian don't believe past jesus."
"you have not mentioned where you are, or where do you want the distance from. however taking chicago a a reference point the distance betweeen chicago and frankfurt is 4342 mile (6988 km) (3773 nautical miles). time required to travel this distance would be appx 10 hr"
"it is the multitude of way in which human influence and are influenced by others, both verbally and nonverbally. for example, in the presence of others you will interpret and respond to the word that people speak or the gesture they make. they in turn will respond to your word and gestures. this make for human social interaction."
you can do that by not answering that poor man q with saying thats the best date you ever had . that wa cruel
"it is what is called sleep paralysis, you can wake up with the feeling of heaviness and a presence.. . it is actually a common condition and i do believe heavily in ghost and spirits, so if i thought it wa something, i would tell you."
"ego mean self centered, pride & self importance so u asking for ego death. so simple u are not self centered, ur pride surrendered!"
to find a good agent you might want to contact via phone some publishing house and see who they like to work with then send that agent(s) a letter briefly telling them about you and your works. good luck!!!
"non-demoninational just celebrates god. it's normally just plain christian, minus all the strict rule or belief of presbyerian, catholic, or any other denomination."
"a a christian, i believe that god lay on our heart certain situation that we need to pray about. maybe the pain and anxiety is the holy spirit urging you to pray for someone's spirit a they are about to pas away."
"strange question. however, the author used their own linguistic skill in their writing. look like john wa the only one who used truly, truly."
"what a joke!. yes there is law, behave a we want or go to jail..."
"joe is a nickname for coffee. the nickname is derived from the name of secretary of the navy josephus daniels, who in 1913 banned alcohol from being served on u.s. navy warships. the sailor began to drink more coffee, which they then nicknamed ""joe."""
"you can work a a stewerd/ stewardess for an international airline/ cruise liner. you get paid for it, a well."
most university offer dance a a major. with your talent i'm sure you could soar.
"it is a social phenomenon associated with the out-migration of the skilled/professional member of the population which result in a lack of the same in the society which they leave behind. for instance, nurse from the philippine go to the united kingdom or the united state primarily because they believe they will be better compensated in these country for the practice of their professions. if many nurse from the philippine will migrate to other countries, the health sector of the philippine will suffer the loss of nurse and might, in the future face a lack of nurses, thus edangering the capacity of the society to meet it health needs."
"because they lack an identity of their own. they don't know who they are, so they try to fit in with someone that they aren't. they think by acting like a different group of people, that different group will accept that a ""one of their own"" instead of accepting them a who they are when they aren't acting."
other people's religion are mythology. . my people's mythology is religion.
"barnabas wa a christian in the early church history. he is mentioned in the bible, and the gospel of baranbas is attributed to him. however most historian agree that the gospel of barnabas is a forgery from the middle ages."
"if the answer wa a obvious a asking someone on yahoo answers, everyone would be a billionaire. you have to know the right people and please the right people."
"also ask them this: if you are a creationist, do you use antibiotic when ill? after all, such thing derive themselves from evolution studies. it's not all about monkey and birds."
"burningman is a state of mind, you go to northern nevada at the end of august, and get to see that there is hope for the future. it's not a utopia, but it is a experience that can change you if your open to it and your willing to enjoy the diversity that is humanity."
"hello... . the meaning of my life, is to help those who are in need..feeding and visiting the elderly, ministering to those in prison, it give me great joy, to see a smile on someone's face, when you give your love and your time without asking anything in return, but a hug.. :). . i also love, to share the love of jesus, with all i meet.. :)"
"swish, swish, swish. but only if you listen very carefully."
"buy a plane ticket with lot of lay overs, lot of over night flights, and no weekend flights. that's basically all you can do unless you want to take a couple week to boat your way there."
"it origin is biblical from genesis, where god cast adam and eve out of the garden and told them that they [and their offspring] would have to ""work"" the soil to provide for themselves.. . in essence, the saying means, we are all sinful and have to work for a living. the saying probably had more meaning in past generation when more people went to church, and ha now just become a thing that we say to indicate that we are busy. : )"
"if you're looking for more than just a comparison, i would venture to say that philosophy drive education. philosophy is the love of and the pursuit of wisdom, and even though knowledge and wisdom aren't the same thing, i believe you can find both in education. philosophy is at the heart of the learner who seek knowledge in order to better him/herself."
"depression is a time to get introspective - to look at yourself and your life, perhaps to read some spiritual or self-help books. you can use the time to get to know yourself, to start to learn to like yourself, to learn how to enjoy life, how to laugh. even if, at the moment you don't feel like doing them.. . you can start looking at your life in a new way, but first you need to start looking at your life - which is, in general, what we do when we are depressed."
"this would be if you put a bowling ball deliberately on top of the door and then somebody came in the room and when they open the door it fall onto their noggin with a comical ""bonking"" sound. you indrectly bonked them silly, but it wa a voluntary act."
read my study below for the full meaning of the nicolaitans. the meaning behind this group ha to do with the interpretation of the name and the church it is referring to.
"in the united state we have a constitution and bill of right that protect our freedoms, yet in china the government is more like a dictatorship and what they say, goes. i heard about his before, and yes, the government ha absolutely restricted google use in certain part of china because they do not want the people to learn how to overthrow or revolt against the govt. additionally, they dont want the people to see how good the rest of the world ha it - this would give them much more of a reason to revolt against the chinese govt."
"be positive around him/her. this way, they have no ammunition to fire at you!"
"baby boomer is a term used to describe people born between 1946 and 1964. the name refers to the boom in population during that time, forcing and expansion of school in many locals."
they do that so the logo is on top. they turn them upside down after wrapping.
"i never really liked people much anyway. most of the people i meet in my area only want to ""go drinking"" and i would rather be home with my cat then out with some drunk, loud idiot."
"muslim believe that they memorise abraham, forefather of prophet mohammad, and all israelite prophets. abraham tried to offer scarifice of his son. (ishmail a muslim believe)"
"""the nickname buffalo soldier began with the cheyenne warrior in 1867. the actual cheyenne translation wa wild buffalo. the nickname wa given out of respect and the fierce fighting ability of the 10th cavalry. overtime, buffalo soldier became a generic term for all african american soldiers. """
"that should be the fault with the advisor.. nobody like to be seen lowered. so nobody will accept anything from some one who place himself at a higher place to judge and advise.. i think if i really want to help someone with my advice, first of all i should become so humble and simple that the person feel a warm and safe atmosphere to open his heart."
"the national rifle association maintains a list of nra certified trainers. that is the first link below. you might also call a local range or gun store and see who they recommend.. . if you are interested in the texas concealed handgun class, you can either contact the texas concealed handgun instructor association (second link), or review the dp list (third link)."
"unfortunately, the origin are lost in the mist of time. the roman referred to the middle finger a the digitus impudicus (indecent digit) and writing suggest that flipping the middle finger wa offensive. but it is also culture based. you might see in some british comedy character forming a v and giving a raspberry (a ""phthbt"" noise with the tongue and lips) which is apparently a very rude gesture in england."
"the reason so many cower to a god that so obviously ha the emotional stability of an 8 year old, is that most people have the emotional stability of a 6 year old. the same reason that so few people go into entrepreneurship, or really do what they want to do with their life - fear and insecurity. most people want a quick, easy mission in life that give them a warm fuzzy."
"carnival is a public celebration or parade combining some element of a circus and public street party, generally during the carnival season. carnival is traditionally a roman catholic and, to a lesser extent, christian orthodox celebration. most protestant and non-christian area do not celebrate it, with some fundamentalist protestant group condemning the celebration, although the word carnival ha passed into the vernacular and taken on secular meaning in most area of the western world."
"this is a very collective dream that many people seem to have. all of your dream have to do with the state of your mind and consciousness just prior to having the dream. tornado mean that you are perhaps experiencing some chaos or confusion in your life, especially the day or two leading up to the dream, indicating a time of high stress."
""" opposing and complimentary force in taoism. they represent a balance, like man and woman, black and white, good and evil etc."" the only thing he forgot is that if you look at yinyang there is some black in the white and some white in the black.this of course symbolizes that there are no absolute that we contain allof the element within us.and we each balance them a best we can"
if you are getty dizzy just at work you may be overly stressed by your job. consider finding another job.. . another possibility is that you aren't eating breakfast before work and you are getting dizzy from low blood sugar.
"i love tedybear! a great valentine day gift for me is tedybear, or lips-gloss. i think, if my bf can give me that certain things, he must be the one who care much about me ;)"
"they are small onions, but not a strong in flavor. kind of like a bigger garlic clove."
1) buy a pot of nutella. 2) smear it on your body
"in fact, there are thousand of religions. the eight major one in our world are buddhism, christianity, confucianism, hinduism, islam, judaism, shinto, and taoism. hinduism, shinto, and taoism developed over many, many centuries. each of the others base faith on the life or teaching of specific individuals: prince siddhartha gautama, who became known a gautama buddha, for buddhism; jesus christ for christianity; confucius for confucianism; muhammad for islam; and abraham and moses for judaism"
i think because we have a true fear of violence and death and there is a tendency to be drawn to thing that we fear. maybe to better understand it and maybe so that we can experience it outside of ourselves. i also think that there are some really sick people out there and they thrive off of harm to others and want to do the harm themselves but do not want to deal with the consequence of those type of actions.
the first time i drank beer it wa the first new year party of my 21st birthday...the only thing the bar would serve wa beer because it wa a sunday. i wanted to be drunk before the ball fell so it wa the onlt thing i could do. once i realzed how drunk i wa ive been drinking beer ever since
"child are very susceptible to branding.. . child should be taught from a young age how to ""read"" the media. they need to learn to deal with the information that they are bombarded with through television, radio, magazine etc. i do believe younger child in particular are very susceptible to targeted advertising and product placement."
substitutions: 1/4 cocoa = 1 oz unsweetened chocolate + decrease the fat in the recipe by 1 1/2 tsp. or carob powder
"how can you be sure he didn't? even if he his the son of god and came to enlighten us, he could still have married, we just don't know and can't be sure. there are lot of theory which defend he did, which were recently given voice through ""the davinci code"". i don't really care, jesus is important to me either way."
"tawheed is belief in oneness of god. it is arabic word and is derived from arabic word ""ahad"", which mean ""single"" or ""one"". this is a primary accept of belief in islam religion. it also includes the concept that all worship, prayer etc are to be directed only towards god."
"the catholic church, in order to acquire a much power and authority for itself, convinced the mass that no one could know god except through it doctrines. through fear, persecution, and the influence of a far-reaching empire, this concept became a reality for anyone in the sphere of influence of the political boundary of the church-state. you don't seek god through us, you're going to hell, and we'll see to it that you'll get there in a hurry."
before you are standing would be too early. gravity and all. you know.
use a hot oven about 425. spreasd them in one layer and roast about 30-40 minutes. iturn the broiler on the last minute or two to crisp them up.
"you can send them a breath o gram. it an anonymous email saying that they have bad breath! it’s free, you just type in the person's email and they will get a message saying they have bad breath!"
"yes, book are very important, help u to build our spirit, give information, help to pas time, make u more deep an cultural, help u to write and think better, help u to chose people, because with book you will able to chose the person that like the same book that you like... since million of century menkind write it's the way to preserve history, fact that without them alll menkind wa lost without identity... finnaly, open our mind to the world and make u better persons."
"time doesn't exist. the past no longer exists, the present is constantly becoming the past, and the future doe not exist yet..."
"if you understand at least some, chance are you'll know enough to get by for a while and you'll learn a you go along. a good friend of mine is in the army and is stationed in korea. when he first got there, he knew nothing of the language; le than a year and a half later, he's fluent. don't worry--it'll come naturally."
"it's all politics. the institution schmooze money out of the politicians, then the artist have to try to schmooze recognition from the institutions. if a particular group of artist happens to exceptionally successful schmoozers, they become a canon."
"elkins always believed that slave developed a closeness to their master much like child do for their parent. he referred to this a the ""sambo complex."" however today most of elkins theory have been discredited by modern scholars. peter colvin and john blasingame have written extensively about elkin's work."
jesus!!! the bible say that there is only one name under heaven given to men in wich we could be saved and that name is jesus christ.. . also read act 2:37-38 the only name that is given for god and salvation is jesus!!
"actually, there is no taste difference between yellow and white cheese (assuming it is the same kind of cheese of course - ie white vs. yellow cheddar). the yellow just come from a dye."
you can go on the computer and look up the answers!or in a historybook! also in art museums!
"""jeans themselves are not an american invention. the word jean date at least from the 1560s, referring to cloth of genoa, italy, and by the 1840s in england we read of worker in stable wearing jeans. but the association of bluejeans with cowboy and miners, and the success of the san francisco manufacturer levi straus & co., ha given bluejeans and jean an american accent known around the world."""
re·ën·act·ment. n.. the enacting or passing of a law a second time; the renewal of a law
the bismarck wa a brand new warship with state of the art military technology equipped with the most powerful. gun ever built. while the english navy wa equipped with 14 inch gun the bismarck had 18 inch gun that were not only more powerful but much more accurate than anything else ever deployed and which allowed them the incredible advantagge of firing upon enemy ship while safely out of range of the le powerful 14 inch gun used by england. bismarck's deadly reputation a a floating death machine wa overwhelmingly demonstrated on it very first entanglement with the english navy to awesome effect when during battle with the english navy utterly destroyed one of england's most powerful warship the s hood in a matter of second with only three survivors.
"you're asking for an opinion right now! i guess the ""do you like"" question are pointless, but a lot of good, valid question do require an opinion. all the religious question for example are opinions,i have my beliefs, and i'm sure you have yours."
"this question ha been asked a lot. in general the answer is ""we can't"", there will always be people who look down on other people for not being the same.. . the best thing you can do is not be rascist yourself, raise your kid to see everyone a equal, and don't promote rascism in any way. the end result can only be that you've made it at least that much better."
"sex sell and he wanted to make money with his work. he wa also incredibly funny, imo."
china is either a country or a peice of pottery or i believe it wa once a pokemon. ???
"muslim school must be the best answer, they are muslim in your age and there isn't anything wrong about aproching a man in islam. islam is about freedom and equality of all mankind.. also woman are greatly praised by islam and some of the most important person in islam were women."
morality is one's concern with right and wrong action and the standard either an individual or group set for itself. morality ha no legal power.. . law is a legislated set of way a group/society/individual must follow in order to not be legally punished.
make a list of idea and rearrange it. then try putting new idea into the list and make a creative writing out of it.. . nature's an excellent source of inspiration and sometimes experience also contributes to inspriation and motivation.. . and dont stop writing :d
"i would love to say it's easy.but it's not you really have to think long and hard about if you just want a person for now or the rest of your life think of someone who really understands you,makes you laugh,but ha a beatiful way to make you cry then try to see yourself year ahead with him and if you see him/her with you thier the one. bye"
you could stalk him i guess. or just realize that celebrity are just regular people with a lot of money and it's not worth chasing them around.
"i believe there is no general answer. you may not rent a flat for this short time lake a regular home. a long a you are like a visitor or tourist you may choose to stay at a ""pension"" which is something like a small hotel with limited service. you should contact a tourist information of your prefered area."
egypt is a so safe country don't worry . go there and enjoy your time
i don't know but im a filipino and are u too???ill just give u a web site that i think could help..
i would have to say st. bart becuase it is a nice little island where you can get away from it all!!
"crj pilot is right. in the context of the song, i'd say it's ""let yourself fall."". . cafe tacuba is a great group, no?"
it industry made everthing more efficient including measuring variable including more variable and increase the size of date to measure variables. it effect are all round.
"follw the coast road nw topisa ,then east thru lucca, prato then ne to balogna. i'm exnavy; i can find every bar in europe!!"
"to many of the brits, america is still just one of the old colonies.. on a practical level, the upper class in england doe have class. in america, the upper class ha money, and lot of it."
"i've heard ""maneto"" used a a nickname. it come from ""hermanito,"" meaning little brother, and people shorten it to make it more affectionate."
"because they aren't playing the same style a everyone else, at least not exactly. they're a little closer to what's been going on in european-style warrior metal for the past several years. somehow, they managed to get a song on usa radio, despite the industry's apparent hard-line against technical ability."
"flashing the all-american ""ok"" sign in italy. some local machismo will think you are questioning his manhood..."
"glass in those day wasn't very good, it could be swirly or cloudy. so he is saying that we see poorly now, but in heaven we will see perfectly."
put the knife to the center of the pie and pull it towards you. turn the pie slightly and cut again...cutting only one piece at a time.
first scan ur pic in ur pc. thn on hi5...locate tht pic by browsing and update it
"look on the website below. that will give you a brief story on italy. you'll see that italy and sicily wwere two different country until 18th century. sicily ha been influenced by saracens, arabs, norman (danes/swedes), french amongst others."
"it a made up word...ism is like fanatasism, and obia is like phobia.. . it wa used in this sentence...""best keep quiet about it though, wouldn't want to spread any ""ism-obia"". . what, with everything else going around and all."""
"there is no such thing.. . you do not need a license or training to serve behind a bar in the uk, just to be over 18."
schneb get around! lol. . i like his answer too!
"universal brotherhood can only be achieved if individual religion are laid aside. they tend to divide rather than unite people. if we can all agree to covenant to one god, the creator, it would be the beginning."
drink plenty of water. dehydration cause you to absorb all liquid including onion and garlic juice. keep your water level up and drink plenty of water after your meal. a good workout help move water through your system a well.
"it wa funny at the beginning, but not anymore...they're multiplying at enormous speed!!!. there are two thing that are unlimited: the universe and human stupidity, and frankly, we're not so sure about the universe!!!"
what do you want to say?.. i can tell you
"if you want to make an extract, mash up some strawberry and steep them in a flavorless alcohol (vodka works) for a week or two, then strain out the puree. if you don't want something a concentrated, simply use the puree."
it cost more to put it in glass or plastic bottles. so by putting it in a recycled carboard tube it's cheaper to manufacture. plus it's only the concentrate...i think they charge you extra for the convenience of already being mixed up oj.
"the hottest month were february and march (90°f, 32°c), and the coolest month wa october (85°f, 29°c).. . the average high temperature in panama city (most of which is near sea level) ha been 87°f (30°c) over the past 13 years.. . average nighttime temperature vary only slightly throughout the year, between 76°f (24°c) and 78°f (25°c). the highest and lowest temperature recorded in that period were 102°f (38°c) and 68°f (20°c)."
"i think it wa for the period. most likely it wa invented after using towel or cloth to block out the monthly period when it would get in the way of all the work that had to be done.. slowly but surely it turned into a wearable innerwear, and added protection came in the form of more cloth, or disposable items, and then came the life-saving pads!"
"ransom, of course! . . i hope that is what you are looking for."
i think you mean cognitive dissonance. it is is a perceived inconsistency between two cognition in which the person belief one thing but then act in a different way from what they believed.
"when i taake mine out of the oven, i take a stick of butter and run it all over the top of the cornbread just to let the butter get absorbed. . work well w/muffins too"
it get black n kinda mushy and smell wayyyy bad!!
"i've never tried the big asian one in the grocery store, but the small wild one grow all over n.j. and i've eaten many. closest thing i can think to compare would be a mushy apricot...sort of. the trick is to never pick 'em off the tree, wait till they fall off on their own and try to beat the deer to 'em. if you pick them a minute too soon, they make your mouth feel all weird and puckered up."
"it depends whose culture it is.... u filipino we had a dish called adobo and the suace consist of vinegar, soy sauce,bay leaves,garlic. other culture such a spanish have a different take on it...so it depends who your asking coz there no specific answer to it unless you know exactly what your looking for"
"sour cream will always have that greenish water that form at the top, that doesn't mean it's bad, just dump it. sour crea start going bad when you see mold forming on the sides. it is completely bad when it smell bad, or like someone else said, the container is all puffed up and it is after the expiration date."
"a few ways...add beans, veggies, cheese, more meat, or water. when serving, you can top it with sour cream, tomatoes, or cheese and it cool down a lot!"
for a long time the u wa 5 percent of the population consuming 25 percent of the resources. the most recent data i have seen is that we are now 4 percent of the human population consuming 20 or 21 percent.. . i do know from personal calculation that a single american child us more resource than an entire village (of about 100 to 125 people) in central china.
the link below might be able to help you.. . good luck on your future career in sociology.
"the only real source of caviar is a sea between russia and iran and some other country named caspian sea which volga river end there, but the number of caviar making fish are limited so the amount of caviar produced a year can not answer the request and a a matter of fact the price will go higher.. even in the caviar producing country caviar is expensive maybe not a much expensive a it is in u but still expensive mainly because it is a source of money for most of these countries.. there are different kind of caviar and there are cheaper type which are not really different in taste but mostly in size and color but i dont know if these kind would be available everywhere."
"vega is always inexpensive. it is average of 60 in january. phoenix, az is warmer. california tends to be more expensive."
"look and be polite, if you are a girl please dont save them for u guys!!"
"khedive (from persian for ""lord"") wa a title created in 1867 by the ottoman sultan abd-ul-aziz for the then-governor of egypt, ismail pasha.. so i guess it persian?"
"normally, keeping your flour in an air-tight container works. but, if you're worried about insect egg in the flour hatching and growing up you can put the bag of flour in the freezer for a few day to kill them. take it out, then store the flour in an air-tight container and/or keep it in the freezer or refrigerator if you want. just make sure that the bag doesn't get wet."
"depend on your family background.. . if your parent are not that good in knowledge, you will get those common names. if your parent ha some smarts, you will get a more unique name that sound nice and easy to pronounce."
the question is.... . why dont cannibal eat clowns???. . because they taste funny!
"rumi is a reknown sufi (islamic mystic) and poet who wa born in afghanistan in 1207, but lived most of his life in turkey. like most sufis, his teaching are focused upon union with allah. his imagery is often romantic and perhaps slightly heretical: some common metaphor for union are marriage and drunkenness. personally, i find rumi's metaphor of the soul a a bird and the flesh a a cage to be the most beautiful."
"the other guy is right. religion is a way of life. it ha evolved a evolution ha evolved. very few people notice, but religion is ever-changing, in such small ways, a life is evolving."
"because the $20.00 bill have a picture of andrew jackson on them. he is the u.s. president that sent the five civilized tribe on the trail of tears. thousand of them died on that forced march, from cold, hunger, thirst, exhaustion, and even beating by the soldiers."
"they're federal employees, of course they get load of time off. and i agree with another commenter, you are missing the point. : )"
you go sign up then audition at a city they're gonna be at. you sing and try to make it.
"use the search feature to find the user. you can then check out if it wa the avatar you were looking for.. here at yahoo! answers, you could also scan the old question and look for the specific avatar."
this depends on how firm the tofu is. it doesn't have much flavor but can take up the flavor of food surrounding it.
"call around to the club and ask. check with your school, a talent show or a dance. if people know you're in a band, eventually someone will have a party they'll want you to play at."
"dressing like everyone else (that is, normal) make them feel like clone and unoriginal. or, a better way to describe it is to say that they have one style they enjoy, while you happen to have another. everyone is different, and that's what's so cool.if everybody looked alike, the world wouldn't be nearly a interesting a place."
"misery is a state of mind, the perception of one's circumstance.. . you can decide that you are ok with being miserable, through either staying in your situation or continuing to think negatively about your situation, or you can decide that you don't have to put up with that sh!t, and either change it or just not give a fukk."
"palestinian are not dumb - they voted for a party which is not corrupt, which organises thing (especially education and social care), and which is evolving into an authority with clear moral codes.. i hope that, like the ira in northern ireland, they will renounce terrorism and lead their people politically to build a palestine that works."
"you mean a puritan, right? seriouslearner got it right. the puritan were also one of the first group to flee england for religious liberty. they went to holland first, and then ended up coming to the new world."
"cheap grace is when someone accepts the benefit of being a christian (relationship with god, etc) but doesn't live a a christian. they take god's forgiveness for granted, often with the ""do it now and ask for forgiveness later"" mentality."
"your e-mail address is your entrance into our drawing for a free escorted tour of italy including airfare for 2.. . by entering the drawing, you will receive our bi-monthly top 10 list of the best international travel specials. and be entered to win a free trip to europe for 2."
"diner evolved from catering wagon that allowed their owner to start a food service business in the downtown area of new york and philadelphia without needing to purchase expensive real estate. they spread quickly through the new jersey suburbs, but their growth wa stunted by the great depression. after world war ii, diner began to spread to the rest of the country, but their growth wa again halted by the rapid rise of fast food chain in the 1970's. there are some diner that made it further west, but the majority of them remain in the new jersey suburbs."
"i would have to say that you should start with what taste profile of a cabernet you are looking for. in this day and time, nearly any cabernet, especially california or australian are going to be great in the $12 to $20 price range. the secret is determining what style of cabernet you would like to drink. i recommend anything from the gallo of sonoma line for the faint of heart looking to be safe, if you want something a little more wild, find a cabernet from either australia or chile...they are almost always guaranteed to dazzle."
get a bar of chocolate and mix it with a pinch of milk and pudding mix. it really work
because it's not in our human nature. we simply aren't built to be all placid in utopia.
"hello... . everyone ha one thing in common and that is to be loved..if we can show love, then it is the beginning of new friendship... . like the song says..all we need is love..love is all we need..amen"
"the altitude of flight depends on the type of aircraft and the weather. some run at 33,000 ft and some run higher. most commercial jet fly between 30-50 thousand feet."
"an example in the united state would be the work of jacob riis and lewis hine. they photographed working men, women, and child in the early part of the 20th century. their image helped to bring about change in work environment and law regarding child labor"
the culture is a living beneficial bacterium which is killed by excessive heat. it thrives best between 60 and 100 degree fahrenheit.
"de·vi·ant (dē'vē-ənt). adj.. differing from a norm or from the accepted standard of a society.. . one that differs from a norm, especially a person whose behavior and attitude differ from accepted social standards."
"human labor. some places, human work for next to nothing so that you can open that can of orange and find them already pealed and separated.. it is le expensive to import mandarin orange in the can than it is to grow them in this country and invent the machinery necessary to compete with the imported product."
"i just graduated with marketing degree from university and we had the case study involving coke zero and diet coke. coke zero, different product, targeted toward different niche than diet coke. also, coke zero contains pnenylalanine."
"use a brine (to moisten and flavorize). then cook on high at 500 degree to brown the skin, then lower it down to 325 to cook it until the turkey come out to 150 degrees. use a probe thermometer so you don't have to open and close the oven."
balsamic vinegar is in a nutshell wine that ha gone through a staging process which put the liquid through different barrel and aged for 12 year and up to achieve the desired flavor profile. the longer is is staged the more expensive it becomes.
"i always make sure the pant are a darker color than the shirt. otherwise, you look top heavy and possible lopsided."
"it is a good idea to try to get in touch with your local galleries. they may be willing to display some of your work, the only draw back to this is that they take a large cut of any possible sales. you can also try contacting local community college if they have galleries. art fair can be good exposure, so can website like ebay."
"that's a very good question my friend!unfortunately it maybe the most difficult to answer!the human race ha been at war with itself since man first arrived on this planet.we started with stones, then swords,then arrows,then bullets,now we use bomb and missiles.it's sad because the smarter we become the more deadly we become to each other.instead of u using the knowledge that god ha givin to help each other we do the opposite.the reason we go to war very far and wide,from the war of two people to the war of nations.usually for land,minerals,religion,national security,wealth,weaponry,etc.so time it for plan old revenge!!!as much a god love u i know we must be breaking his heart with the way we kill each other in the street ,and on the battle field!!"
"cholesterol is a waxy, fat-like substance found in every cell of the body. it is used to help digest fats, strengthen cell membrane and make hormones. though cholesterol is important and serf many important function in the body, too much cholesterol in the blood can be dangerous. when blood cholesterol reach high levels, it can build up on artery walls, increasing the risk of blood clots, heart attack and stroke."
it is also possible to boil them or set them upright in a pot with just a little water on the bottom. make sure that you cook them long enough. boil 3 to 5 minute after shell open. steam for 4 to 9 minute in an already steaming steamer.
"i've been to many area throughout the caribbean: bahamas, aruba, mexico, puerto rico, coat rica, peru, ecuador, guadalupe, caymans, turk caicos, panama, dominican republic, jamaica, virgin island and others-i had some great experiences! did you need something more specific!"
"usually because they are not really paying attention. sometimes because the response expected is ""censored"" by the unconscious. and sometimes because they are getting old, and memory simply fails. (and sometimes memory fails even in a young person.)"
follow the recipe and don't use the crust. i do it all the time with pumpkin.
"a form of religion, dictionary says; of or relating to ecclesiastical government by presbyters. . presbyterian of or relating to a presbyterian church."
"well, i don't believe in god - the concept is incoherent. i also don't see any evidence of a worldwide flood or, quite frankly, most of the mythical nonsense that's presented in the bible.. . i've put together a list of stuff i've written that you might be interested in:"
they believe that anybody who doesn't believe the way they do is going to hell. they tend to be self-righteous and small minded.
"yeah, they have moved away from all of their super-sized menu items. i wa sorry to see the 20 piece go a well since my husband & i used to split one for dinner..."
the toaster ha coils/wires on the inside that heat up. the heat toast the bread. the lighter/darker setting control how long the bread is exposed to the heat before it pop up.
"the law of change in history ::. the only constant thing in the world is change and in history... history repeat itself therefore even though there's always change around, sometime , it'tll come back around"
"yeah it wa coke! but mellow yellow had come out year before and wa then reintroduced in place of surge, so my mom says. i liked that stuff too, but i gotta say mountian dew is so much better."
"if you mean a fritatta, it is sort of a baked omelet, or egg casserole. usually ha veggies, meats, and cheese and is baked with eggs. can be really good!!!"
old long ago..... these are from the author's fan's site(s). . you can click on the word translation links.
"because people. when it come to religion, are so narrow minded that they can't see beyond what they are taught, even if you can produce fact that it is wrong."
it could create camaraderie and friendship.. . it make people go away from drugs.. . it could create sportsmanship too.
"harry potter is a wonderful series of book that broadens your imagination and let you escape to a different world. . i love the fact that so many people are reading book instead of watching tv. book have so much more potential for imaginative idea and activities.. harry potter, in particular, is a great example of good vs. evil, and how the good guy is sometimes temporarily defeated but eventually triumphs."
squeeze fresh lemon or lime juice and let the garment sit in the sun all day. it work in mexico. how strong the sun is where you live make a difference. if the clothes are white the yellow come from too much bleach used when washing
1) you can make your own 2 pie crust or if u arent good u can buy frozen ones.. 2) buy a can of apple pie filling and pour the content into one pie crust and add about 3-4 tablespoon of sugar to the filling and stir.. 3) add the top crust and form it the way u need to and then sprinkle sugar on top of the crust and bake in oven at 350*f until done!. delicious
the difference lie in the way the animation is produced. traditional animation are usually painstakenly hand drawn on celluloid cell which take a lot of time and effort to produce. computer animation utilizes computer to animate the still and also allow better special effect due to the new technological breakthrough in thing like computer graphic and 3-d effects. traditional animation usually look 2-d a well.
"join the red cross, merchant marine, or some similar organization. if you're not into those sort of thing i understand that you can get passage on freight ship for super cheap."
"my origin is asian / oriental, from the middle east area. my great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, many time over great grandparent were adam and eve, who resided in the idyllic land of eden, on the bank of the tigris and euphrates rivers."
it's just a marketing scheme to make the candy better looking. how a food look is almost a important a how it taates in a consumer culture.
"in my personal opinion i think that a church should have a website for people who may want to check the church out but not want to go and feel obligated. a website offer information on what the church stand for and what kind of worship there is. also, my church ha an email and if someone wanted to email the pastor a letter asking question he/she could do that and remain anonymous."
"when people use these common expressions, it's hard to tell if they really mean it. . i'd say it sound more like ""nos vemos"" than ""quiero verte"".. unless it's accompanied by an actual proposal (time and place)."
it the deep fear of the unknown. you can't see what is in the dark. therefore you don't know if you are in danger.
your best bet is with american airlines. they have a hub in miami and practically own the caribbean island with american eagle.
"it depends, how old are you? any degrees? the best way is to get a sponsor from there, someone to offer you a job and they will arrange the paperwork, but you can't actually go there and expect to stay there for good, you will have to renew your visa every few year for a long a you are there, it's not like let's say the usa where you can get a green card and settle here."
"it is the word ""deserve"". s used to look like f."
the noun falcon ha one meaning: diurnal bird of prey having long pointed powerful wing adapted for swift flight. . . the verb falcon ha one meaning: hunt with falcon
"the process to create bottled water (i.e., filtering) and the water used in soda is the same. bottled water, at least in america, is more expensive because people will simply pay more for a ""healthy"" alternative. people generally fear the contaminant in the regular water supply and so will generally pay higher rate for the bottled version."
"the h still maintained it pronunciation for a while during roman times, but it became unpopular to prononce it afterwards.. . many romance language drop the pronunciation of the h, but not all - italian, for example, still maintains it."
"speaking in tongue come from the book of act in the bible, chapter 2. on the day of the pentacost, fire in the shape of tongue appeared over the apostle's head and they were able to speak so that anyone could understand them, regardless of what language they spoke.. . charismatic christian and some others practice a different kind of speaking in tongues, called glossolalia (greek for tongue-speaking), in which a person speaks in a mystical language, which is supposedly a direct sort of conversation with god, unintelligible to humans."
"it just depends on where you're from. canadian and scot spell it whisky and the irish spell it whiskey. the usa tends to prefer the irish spelling, but both are acceptable. they mean the same thing."
"everyone's morality on that subject will be different.. . i say, if an adult woman want to choose that career, then it is her choice. i just can't stand when they whine about being ""exploited"" later, when they knew the career they were choosing.. . personally, i do not like it, so i do not watch or buy it, but the fact that is go on doe not bother me."
i'm in the same boat a you - i haven't played in nearly 3 year and it's frustrating that i'm not able to play a well a i could back then. i haven't heard of any secret besides practice practice practice.
"it depends on your emotion free merit, your cold thinking, your good romance, your own believe, your personality eveything. a per teachinngs of socrates `know thyself'. if you earn this so you will be able to realise other. then it would be possible on your part to select fittest boy for your self also"
"a catch 22 is a situation you just can't win. it come from the novel (and the movie) where catch 22 referred to the ""catch"" in everything where nothing productive get done in a bureaucracy; in that case, the air force."
"food is fuel for the body, food is turned into energy so that we can function. just think of the human body a a very sophistocated engine that instead of using gasoline, we use food."
"use a good quality stainless steel pan and a little olive oil. you may have to scour the pan with comet or something like that afterward and if you do scour it, wash it again with soap because scouring cleanser leave a residue behind that won't wash off with just water."
"anyone is fickle minded if they are raised that way. you can teach a kid to think on their own, but not everyone does, and the lack of use of a brain ha the same effect a not using your leg or arms. they become weak. many, many many woman are far from fickle minded."
"red neck mean someone from the ""country"", and usually implies ""uneducated"" or ""common"". the actual term ""red neck"" come from people who worked in the fields, bent over to pick the crops. they would get a ""red neck"", i.e. sunburn on the back of their neck."
what is wrong with you. either you like someone or you don't..
"the word cryptex is a neologism coined by the author dan brown for his novel the da vinci code, denoting a portable vault used to hide secret messages. it is a combination of the word cryptology and codex; ""an apt title for this device"" since it us ""the science of cryptology to protect information written on the contained scroll or codex"" (p. 199 of the novel) – although actually a ""codex"" is a term for early form of what would now be called a ""book"", a opposed to a rolled ""scroll"". it is claimed in the novel that the original design came from the secret diary of leonardo da vinci; but this is apparently not based on fact; the 2004 illustrated version of the novel fails to present any leonardo sketch of such a device."
your best bet is to simply ask . you can not tell just by looking at someone thats for sure .
"technically-if you are refering to traditional oriental art, it ha no depth. image are stacked on top of each other in an effort to show distant images. in western art artist made an effort to show depth on the same plane with the use of an horizan line."
language not only mean voice n speech but also the expression and imitation.. . so it history is a old a the origin of life on this world.
"someone that like you sincerely and would help you (and you would help him/her); someone who won't be laughing at you or teasing you.. . if that's my definition, then i don't have many friends."
"if it is a particular building in your local area, the first thing to do would be to visit your local council urban planning department and ask them. if there is a local historical society, ask them."
they dont do that. keyboard key are not made from ivory tusks.
"death is when you have accomplished your goal for this lifetime and you get to take a break in the afterlife (heaven, summerlands, etc. etc.) then you get a new life plan and learn some more. like summer vacation sort of."
"well, in the u military the u flag is raised at 0700 and lowered at sunset (time varies) every day. custom and tradition of flag decorum dictate that a flag will not be flown at night (unless it is properly illuminated) you could say that this symbolically would represent that ""the sun ha set"" on the nation if it were allowed to happen."
do you mean romanians?? please!! these silly stereotype are just ridiculous!
i don't think developed country actually have a higher rate. the number are probably higher because the reporting capability are better. how many suicide and mental disorder go unreported in under developed countries?
"from a chemical standpoint, gesso is just a mineral, calcium carbonate. put that in water that ha any co2 dissolved in it and it will react to form a bicarbonate. try using distilled water and not tap."
place potato on a very hot oil. if you keep on flipping the potato it will get mushy.
"the german strapped special fuel can to their military vehicle to increase the range greater than possible with the vehicle fuel tank alone. these were called ""jerry cans."" other nation adopted the name but the german were called ""jerries."""
90's in the summer. tornado occured sometimes. mild winter. about 30-40 degree average in january.
what doe life mean to you? you have to give life meaning for it to have one. your life meaning is a reflection of yourself.
"did you mean of what use can sound spectrum be put to?. . there are some animation soft ware apps where you can talk into or upload a wave file and then the computer can move a ""mouth"" or image to mimic the pattern of the sound.. . there is also a program that will take a piece of video footage and generate a ""sound track"" based on the color spectra."
"i have the same problem, and quite honestly sometimes it can get a little embarassing in a quiet room. but i find that if i'm in that kind of a situation then a kind of walk more on the outside of the foot.. . hope this help you!!"
expense are cheap if you stay away from tourist areas. my gauge for that is the price of beer..most non-tourist area will sell beer for 1.50 u or less...a lot of time under a 1.00. if you pay much more than that then you are in a tourist trap.
"our physical body is a womb and life on earth is merely preparation for our birth into the spiritual world. this happens when we have no further use for our body, it dy and our spirit pass over to join the legion of angel who have lived before u in eternal life."
"one religious question would be the tenet that there are equal force of good and bad. traditional religion would assert that god is all good and all powerful, and that the devil (or evil) is simply an absence of good. said in another way, evil is a falling away from god. thus, evil is powerful, like god is powerful."
they probably just got thrown down the list. i'll go check em out.
usually a sketchbook is cheaper because it ha le qualuty paper. an artist's book ha paper that is good enough to display final works.
"it's the same, but crock pot is a registered trademarke of somebody that ha accidentally become a household name. like kleenex or coke."
"they should be wedged between your thumb and and your middle finger, with the index finger on top to control them.. . also, don't forget in asia it is considered bad luck to leave a pair of chopstick stuck in a bowl of rice (it reminds them of incense at a funeral)."
"the movie's title is somewhat ambiguous. some have suggested that it come from pax syriana, a an allusion to the necessary state of peace between syria and the u.s. a it relates to the oil business. in a december 2005 interview, baer told npr that the title is a metaphor for foreign intervention in the middle east, referring to post-world war ii think tank strategic study for the creation of an artificial state (such a iraq, created from the element of the former ottoman empire) that would ensure continued u.s. access to crude oil.. . from the movie's website [1]: ""'syriana' is a very real term used by washington think-tanks to describe a hypothetical reshaping of the middle east...""."
no need answer this. most of your so called question are self answered. so why ask us?
"life doesn't mean anything. life isn't an idea; it's a process. so go out there, and do something."
first of all dont consider youre self a nerd have confidence. act with confidence. think before you do something. and dont lose youre cool.
"fish pronounced a ""yu"" in chinese literally mean leftover. it mean that you will always have leftover wealth/money. that is why ppl like to keep fish in their shop which symbolizes lot of 'wealth'."
"that's assuming alot about black women. i'm black, and i don't care one way or another. but then, i date white men and i think that people should date who they please."
because the person who posted the question determined that they had recieved an adequate answer. they then picked the one they thought wa best and put it up for vote
make an appointment and take your work to a college art department or a museum and have someone look at them. if they like them ask if they can be shown there or somewhere else. invite art critic to your showing. you then should be on your way.
to enjoy life to the fullest. just being happy and financially stable. life is too short to be unhappy.
"fasmer, of german descent, wa born richard wilhelm georg, son of a german merchant. he matriculated in the department of philosophy at leipzig university in 1906. the following year, he began study in the department of arabic, persian, and turkish at the university of st. petersburg, where he attended pavel kokovtsov's lecture on semitic epigraphy and on hebrew and syriac languages, a well a the lecture of vasili¥ bartol'd (see barthold) on islamic numismatics."
a chicken stuffed into a duck stuffed into a turkey all boneless. i am pretty sure there is a stuffing and a sauce that go with it i have been looking to try it myself actually. emeril ha a reciepe and direction for it creation
"for a multitude of reasons, not the least of which would be to find out why most of u are so crazy. :)"
"cuz just in case the cake is dry, you can wash it down with . the milk....and it hasta be cold!!!!!!"
this mediterranean sea bass is served whole and filleted tableside by the waiter. it is similar in flavor and texture to the red snapper we also offer in the 2lb range. we either roast the fish in a special preparation or serve it whole grilled.
i have no idae but i love the piano and the organ!!! they are composed of string and pluck i kno but everything else is way over my head!!
"you gain weight depending on how many calorie you don't use. if what you take in = what you use (exercise) then you do not gain weight. more than likely, you had 6 lb of something else that you also didn't use."
"a immature a it is, sometimes there is nothing funnier than a well timed fart. it ha to be timed right though, like in yoga or during mass or something."
"december to february are the coldest month in the philippines. if you're in manila around that time in the year it might get to a low a in the upper 60's (fahrenheit scale). i think in the tagaytay area it get to the lower 60's. i'm not so sure in baguio, but i assume it's much cooler due to it altitude."
"just a piece of paper. some people have prescription pill that street people sell! if all the people who had prescription drug would just sell it, than they would be just a rich a these drug dealers. i guess the street stuff is a bit stronger though, because they mix like every single drug they can find so that it creates a better high for their client."
"vegan don't eat any meat products.. vegetarian on the other hand have different category in itself. some say they are vegetarians, but do eat egg some go a far a eating fish but not chicken or other meats. in general they don't eat meat, but will eat egg and eat dairy."
ham especialy. but may i suggest red snapper or kingfish.
"he died of a stroke on january 24 1965. . follow link to ""last days""."
"we are product of our enviroment,social economic backgrounds,educational oppurtunities,and personal. experiences.is this a free pas to behave badly,no"
"yes, any time you ask for credit they will check your background. especially when you are a new comer to the country. they will want to make sure you didn't leave america to get away from creditor chasing you."
"photosynthesis is an important biochemical process in which plants, algae, and some bacteria harness the energy of sunlight to produce food. ultimately, nearly all living thing depend on energy produced from photosynthesis for their nourishment, making it vital to life on earth. it is also responsible for producing the oxygen that make up a large portion of the earth's atmosphere. organism that produce energy through photosynthesis are called photoautotrophs."
"go outside and make a list of thing you want to mention - the tree and leaves, the dirt, the creatures. look at how the color blend together or the movement or how thing just seem to fit together so perfectly. look at the vein on the leaf, and see how it reflects the design of the tree, or whatever your imagination think up."
a it is saving energy and effort by using a nest that is alredy built. that way it can can concentrate on the egg laying rather that nest building.
definition of nuntius on the web:. . (latin) messenger; applied to mercury a messenger of the gods. see also hermes
they teach the history of the war and what hitler did. the german also teach at the same time and point out that the thing that a. hitler and the nazi s of murder did to the jew and how wrong they where and how history must never repeat it self ever again. this is also taught in almost every school level in every country when it come to history on war(s) in any classroom of the teaching of history.
because it is a suitable crop for that region. rice is also grown in the usa
it's like renting a house v owning a house. at the end of your term life coverage policy you get nothing at the end. where a a whole life policy is like a saving account and at the end you get a payout when the policy is finished.
"our behaviour is derived and expressed from our learned experience a we grow. because we are human tempered by emotions, our way of thinking and reaction to certain condition we encounter is based upon the limit of our knowledge, and the type of guidance we receive a we grow towards maturity, and a we learn more, and make choice based upon the degree of understanding that each of u exercise in life, good or bad, is merely a culmination of what we have learned, vital constituent that influenced u during our early stage of chilhood, stemming from everyone's environments, homes, schools, liteatures, histories, media/mediums, friends, enemies, relatives, and most importantly, from our parents. therefore, our behaviour make u different from each other, it may make someone either desireable or despicable to somebody else. it also depicts our emotional state, or mode of survival in the most critical moments.. ~meow"
"a the empire of china wa being formed, specifically during the the warring period of 481 bc to 221 bc, a four-tiered class structure emerged consisting of the lesser nobility (including scholars), the peasant farmers, the artisans, and the merchants, with the merchant holding the lowest position in society. due to the low esteem merchant were not viewed a appropriate to hold government positions."
"bubblegums are a fun confectionary, it enjoyable to blow bubblegums while there is no such opportunity with chewing gum. but for society both are a menace to the fact that certain country such a singapore ha banned them for the cost and damage such innocious sweet cause are high, ever get one stuck to your shoe?"
"you can read about both of them on encarta. don't just take my word, they are different, learn why they are different there."
"he didnt want to go to ninevah because. 1: he wa scared because of the wickedness there. 2: he thought that the ninevites shouldnt be given a chance, that god should just destroy the city. (thus the sitting around for day waiting to see it burn only to discover god's compassion on them)"
"best way to do is to go to expedia, travelocity, or you favorite travel website. enter your source and destination. the site should give an assortment of fligths meeting your price range, time constraints, and other criteria."
"rayleigh scattering (named after lord rayleigh) is the scattering of light by particle much smaller than the wavelength of the light. it occurs when light travel in transparent solid and liquids, but is most prominently seen in gases. rayleigh scattering of sunlight from particle in the atmosphere is one reason light from the sky is blue."
order it from a bakery in cal. and have it deliverd
"like vitamin d says. year ago up in lake chelan,washington, we'd say he ""ghosted"", meaning he went somewhere and we can't find him now."
"it work with ruthless discrimnation. . you are not supposed to marry, associate with, have business dealing with, or even acknowledge others outside your caste."
yes. control of flow is by the pubococcyl muscle.
"it's something to do with catholicism. and all these secret hidden. did u read the book? if you didn't, read it."
close minded is the act of standing so high on your own principle that no one can tell you how to get down. -kenny
e-bay is probably your best bet. i do a lot of business there myself. i have bought everything from baby formula to full vacation on there and sold a lot of stuff too.
contact your local lion's club for a drop off point. many grocery store and library have drop off point that look like yellow and blue mailboxes.
they have trouble with maintaining healthy trusting relationship with others. if they were abussed by somebody of the same sex then they canot make frieds of the same sex a they tend to be homophobic.they get real confused because they were molested by a preacher and then other preacher say that if you have homosexual sex it is an adomination and you will go to hell.
can you be more specific in plain english. your grammar is horrible.
write a 1/2 page essay to yourself on the topic. this will help you collect your thought on the matter by writing down the bad effect of this.
"i'm not sure which ""that"" you mean, but i'll address the skin bleaching. michael ha vitiligo which cause one to lose pigment in one's skin. he ha either lost pigment in most of his exposed area or he ha chosen depigmentation a a treatment for his condition."
"the priest probably told her to talk to the father, meaning the pastor of the church, the main guy there. he will more than likely have an accurate answer for her. i don't think there is a difference between a priest and a father, maybe the priest she talked to said ""you have to talk to father so and so"", but sometimes, because of nervousness we don't remember little thing like this. just tell her to go to the pastor (the main father) of the church and ask him."
"it's customary for married couple to give out ang pao (hong pao) because 'married couples' are considered adults.. ang pao signifies 'good luck' & 'may you grow up asap'.... in the 1960s & way way before that, majority of the chinese are poor people or peasants. so, during chinese new year, the adult gave out ang pao so that the unmarried adult may have good luck in love or career (or good harvest) , to get married soon. then they gave child ang pao, so that they can grow up strongly & taller for that year, & join in their parent to work in the fields."
"squirt lemon juice on them, the citric acid keep the oxegen around the open apple meat from changing the color.. . also, just because the apple turn brown doesn't mean it ha gone bad or taste any different, it is simply an indication that it ha oxidized (interacted with the oxygen in the air, think of it a fruit rust)!"
it's safe to guess that the answer to that homework assignment can be found somewhere in your textbook.. . get crackin'!
guy who parachute near forest fires. they get to place that you couldnt normally get to to create firebreak and help slow the advance of forest fire
god love everyone no matter what they say or do. he created the ape that darwin evolved from.
"it's because most overweight woman can not get men and most ""covens"" are a group of women. now use your imagination."
"take your church with you, in your deepest heart...it is but the manifestation of your seeking and finding the truth of you. you are loved unconditionally whether you enter a church, or not."
"""experience"" . every year, every month, everyday that add to your life create an experience that change man."
"why do you think your stupid? you didnt say.. . maybe your not ""stupid"" maybe your just not educated in a certain thing and it seems your stupid."
islam wa founded by nabi muhammad saw when he received word from allah in a prophecy. he began life in mecca where idolatory wa a main fact of life but had to flee to madinah to escape prosecution in what ha come to be known a the hijrah. islam spread through his family and friend at first but later his companion known a sahabat continued his work by a number of successful conquest which spread islam to most of the middle east. islam reached it high point when muhammad and his army from madinah conquered mecca which wa later deemed to the the holy city.
"doubt can also be termed procastination. an element of hesitancy to action. usually brought about by prejudice, ignorance and sheer lack of information. it quite an experience to trade in unknown territory, therefore a lot of people would rather ""doubt"" acting."
well for a christian this simply mean that the long awaited day of total peace and joy and the end of all sorrow is comming soon. they will get to be with jesus their savior. the one who they live their life here on earth for. kinda like stepping out of a filthy nasty sewer that they have been trapped in forever and into clean fresh running water never to see or smell the sewer again.
"mexican's are people from mexico, a cholo is like a gangster or dress in that style, a chicano is mixed- mexican/american, or parent are from mexico, child wa born in america. hope this clarifies."
"not much, one ha a higher water content but both are essentially the same thing. you can buy mustard powder and just add water when you need mustard."
there is a yin and yang balance throughout the whole cosmos. when any of it is out of balance then thing begin to become chaotic. in fact that is what is wrong with our society today.
3 level tablespoon of cocoa + 1 tablespoon of shortening or oil = 1 square(1oz.) unsweetened baking chocolate. hope this helps! m
"i agree with you. not only they are in the wrong category, but most of the time you have no idea what the question really is. it is frustrating for those of u who try to answer the best we can with very little information to go by.. . greeting from beautiful new york city, usa!"
roundtrip is a ticket to a place and back. oneway doesn't come back.
"take the 401 to hwy 8 and that will bring you right into waterloo. . oops do the opposite, take hwy 8(or 7) to the 401"
"try to type in any information you know about him/her. but not all people can be googled. people who are not in news, inactive on net, unlisted, etc. are probably couldn't be found."
"""sufism is a mystic tradition of islam based on the pursuit of spiritual truth a it is gradually revealed to the heart and mind of the sufi (one who practice sufism).. . ""it might also be referred to a islamic mysticism. while other branch of islam generally focus on exoteric aspect of religion, sufism is mainly focused on the direct perception of truth or god through mystic practice based on divine love. sufism embodies a number of cultures, philosophies, central teaching and body of esoteric knowledge."""
"i agree. and don't be afraid to use disposable plates, flatware, and cups. that way, you can have more time to enjoy your family."
"people who complain in the post office are the same type who complain in life in general, the post office ha got nothing do to with how there sour and dour outlook on life ha them, they would complain at a playmate party. it's usally there stuck in a loveless marriage, no money, in a dull job, ect.."
coke all the way man! did you know coke is the only company that would survive longer than ten year if they had to stop advertising right now. besides there nothing better than a big gulp of coke the morning after a big drunken party!
"according to the mice, the answer is 42.. . . ...from the hitcher's guide to the galaxy"
"first of all you need to contact bcis (usa immigration) and ask what the requirement for an iran student to transfer to the u.s. are. once you find those out, fulfill them and it will be easier to remain in the united state without a problem. so after you get your permit to come to the u.s. either take a plane, or a boat and get here, then get your life started ;o)"
"* sitting in traffic...it make no sense.. * people who smack their food...gross.. * people who don't fill the ice tray after they've used all the ice...don't they know it take hour to freeze water, and if they don't fill it, nobody get ice???"
"cognitive therapy is ""talk"" therapy aimed at changing negative thought pattern into positive ones. the idea is that if we use ""postive self talk"" we will begin to feel better about ourselves."
"i would suggest looking for image on the web of different wagon wheel and just practice drawing and not worrying about being neat just to get the idea. or maybe go to some antique store and see if you can take picture from lot of different angles. don't forget to focus on the 3-d shape of it to give depth if that is what you are looking for. once you get a good idea from practicing(maybe come up with good logo ideas, just let your idea flow out on the paper) you should be able to incorporate it into a logo."
ouch. it's an equal situation. both sex can be sexually promiscuous. it's just a fact of life.
i think it's not very nice... we are virtually all immigrant to this great country and to make fun of anybody who come here for a better life is a hyprocrite.. . mexican are very har working people who deserve our respect- and a big raise!
i believe it's a marketing scam. the hot dog & bun company teamed up. it's a conspiracy to get u to buy more of both!!!!
it is tempura batter which is a mixture of flour and cornstarch. the cornstarch make it extra crunchy.
"i use 2 c. flour ,1/4 t. salt,2t. baking powder, 2 eggs, add 2 t.(heaping) cornstarch for crispiness.add 1 c. milk or buttermilk , may need a tad bit more, but not too runny not too thick. i found out about the cornstarch a couple of year ago and it made a great deal of difference in my waffles."
"new york begin with an ""n"" while los angeles start with an ""l"".. . captilization. it is your friend."
if it is commericial it is simple you can use any travel website. if it is nostalgic or antique then it is different.
"by asking ""anybody want to be my freind?"" and put in your e-mail address or ask to im you"
"check auction record for similar paintings, and consult the same auction house where the painting sold a to what they could get for it. i have seen lumen winter lithograph for from $250 to over $1200, so if it's an original and you can prove it, it could be worth a bunch."
photosynthesis. you can find a thorough explanation of the process through the link below.
it depends... the easiest way to make them is to buy them pre-made...
"pro choice.. . with 6.2 billion people on the planet, don't you think it's about time we start thinking about population control?. . now if only the rest of the planet would start thinking this way"
elleblackmax is the only one with a correct answer. one thing to add - the diet the duck are forcefed is usually corn.
"a little over priced but the room are great and the remodeled room are really great!. it's a fun casino to go to plus you can cross the street and go to the mgm and it also in a good location to catch the tram to mandalay bay or bellagio.. . if you stay there try the pub it's great, it overlook the strip."
"i've have heard that napoleon held his hand in his jacket, because he suffered from an ulcer on his stomach, and that putting his hand inside his jacket wa to put pressure on it and ease the pain.. . another, is that he had one deformed hand and so he always tried to hide it."
"epistemology is the study of the nature of knowledge. this includes the presupposition and foundation for knowledge and the thinking behind it validity and scope.. a a philosophy it might not be practical, but it sure cause one to think."
"the simplest way is to win the lottery...but then again, that's not very probable. . another thing you could do is get a job, inherit money, or invest money in a good stock"
otk is the acronym for over the knee... . i didnt find any relation with sexual act... !
"i'm not sure if this is what you're looking for, but the statute of the international telecommunication union is basically it organizing document. see below, hope that helps."
going on the most recent estimate? about 250 million to get one back in the air :-)
"only you can answer this one. my guess is it might have something to do with how you feel this urge. if you want to check your own mind, take a notebook with you next time and write down whatever come to mind. if you can't write in the dark, take a cheap voice recorder."
"this can happen if you try to dry paint too fast, or if your medium is mixed with inferior ingredients. if you're using oil paints, try a slow-dry medium and be patient. if you're using acrylics, be sure not to paint too thick at first, and don't put a fan on it to dry it. make sure the humidity in the room is consistent (no dramatic temperature change either)."
do you mean sect or different variation on a theme. every denomination ha little change in the interpritations of the bible.
"i agree, we can not possible answer this question without knowing more details, such as, did you hit him with a car, cheat on him with another boy, break it off first, but for a good reason, and now you've forgiven him?. . we are complete stranger who are here to give you an outside opinion to your situation, we're not girlfriend who already know your story and can advise you.. more depth to your question will result in good information for you to use, otherwise don't expect anything on here to help you unless you address it to the psychic's"
"good alphonso mango (coming from india or brazil) are usually bright yellow or orange and have slight pink or red coloration near the stem. the mango should also be a bit hard, you can trying pressing it with your finger nail, if it depresses a little bit, it perfect. you can also smell the mango, it it smell sweet, it will be sweet."
"if your town ha any show for locally based artists, submit your work in those. i live in a tourist town, and am also into art, and i know wat wonder a little publicity doe for aspiring artists. also, keep your eye peeled for magazine contest where they ask for a cover, or a picture from a certian theme. those can be great outlet for getting your work published"
"hitler wa referring to the autocratic german empire ruled by otto von bismark during the first world war, which wa commonly known a the second reich. the holy roman empire wa considered the first reich."
"go to your local everythings a $1.00 or le store. buy some small plain giftbags(they come in just about every color), some curling ribbons, and whatever else you might want to add to the bag, you can even cut out some picture or word from some old magazine to glue on the bags."
ideology: what you believe. . epistomology: how you know what you know.
"college will have information about their medium program and there are many non-credit medium program listed online and in the phone book. don't want to go to school but still want the experience, volunteer at your local pb station. good luck."
"rabia is name (noun) kept for females. it muslim name and the famous personality with this name is a famous sufi saint ""rabia basri""."
"a dozen is 12, a baker's dozen is 13 which date back to the 13th century when baker were severely punished for shortchanging their customers. to avoid making a mistake, they always gave 13 pastries."
"first of all...........stop asking around wht ha to be done......that will waste ur time, now pick up ur book and study, make a mental timetable and try and sleep only for a few hrs. thts it and eat a light dinner and study all night that really help and drink milk to keep u awake......and if u study for 6 hr then study with full devotion......be true to urself."
"the ""discovery"" of the ""new world"" by the spaniard and italian in 1492. this lead to a huge amount of new real estate to plunder and livestock, natural resources, and new cash crop to exploit. all of this required labor. slave are labor that is essentially free."
"it is reverse pscology...... when i say don't touch the note, u want to touch it and see wut it say right? thats how reverse pschology work"
"""neck"" had been used in english since around 1555 to describe a narrow strip of land, usually surrounded by water, based on it resemblance to the neck of an animal. but the american were the first to apply ""neck"" to a narrow stand of wood or, more importantly, to a settlement located in a particular part of the woods. in a country then largely covered by forests, your ""neck of the woods"" wa your home, the first american neighborhood."
"it depends. some woman are just stupid and don't know when you are trying to get to them, and some guy are just stupid and dont give strong enough signals. i recommend commenting them about their appearance occasionally, it normally helps."
"it came from the word ""melita,"" which the roman dubbed it. melita is the greek word for ""honey."""
"you can't make another person happy. each individual is there own person and find their own way to happiness. you can be a good example and be happy yourself, perhaps over time your cheerful disposition will wear off onto the other person."
"we have the tendency to attach certain type of behaviour to animal names. if you betray some one's trust , you are a ""snake"",if you tell on someone it make you a ""rat"" if you are afraid you are a ""chicken"" if some one considers you worthless the to him you are a ""magget"".if you are .promiscuous then you are a ""dog"" ,etc. i guess it is because using those name set the person apart from the rest of the people, thus diminishing the person's importance and putting them in the category of an animal.plus remember biologically we are animals."
"check out yahoo! fare chase. it search other travel sites, my experience with it ha been great, i'm on a fare chase scheduled trip right now."
"""psychological testing is a field characterized by the use of small sample of behavior in order to infer larger generalization about a given individual. the technical term for the science behind psychological testing is psychometrics."". . more info below:"
"i have used a checklist. when these thing are done you can... have a friend over or watch tv or i will get you the ? they have been asking for. the opposite way of doing this is to take thing away, phone, tv, video game but they tend to resent that...good luck."
"the higher class. defined more or le a the people who own the business and are capable of making money on their own, that is by exploiting the proletariat (or working class)."
"<*>how the leader is chosen, long memory of painful history. different tradition"
"there wa no way to record their family's past, no photo to share. sewing fabric of a wedding dress, or grandmother shawl wa a way to let the future child no that they do come from somewhere and they do have a past of strong family. and in turn they will sew there own legacy."
"i bet it a conspiracy by the food industry to get you to keep buying. if you calculate it, you need 5 hotdog package and 4 hotdog bun package to get an equal amount. that's already more money for the food industry!"
be outside when it's below freezing? i think your body heat would still melt it.
"hyderabadi biryani is a cuisine that is uniquely made in hyderabad, the capital of andhra pradesh, a state in india. biryani is a rice dish made in many place in sub-continent india including pakistan, but the unique ingredient added to this dish in hyderabad make this a special dish. this dish can be prepared a a vegetarian one and also a a non-vegetarian. though both the variety taste good, the chicken-biryani is the most loved."
"lol why just mn what about fla or ca or pa or ny. a beer is only recognized a a beer if it ha at least 2% alcohol and up to 7% if it above 7% it called an ""ale"". most beer like miller bud, coors are around 4-5%"
"try to find out whats your friend favorite dessert,. and make one. . i like bread pudding with lemon sauce,flan,apple pie."
"where else would you put exit signs? they are still visible through the smoke, and if they were on the floor they would be constantly obstructed."
"i agree with some of your assessment, but i think at it's root is the history of who could afford glasses, going waaaay back. only the wealthy (and therefore educated) could even afford them.. . a to nerdy or not. i suppose some consider it more vain to wear contact and therefore conversely those who wear glass are le socially inclined, etc."
$558 right now at 9:45pm mst check site price go up this close to fly! many airline too!
"i have a recipe for bombay hummous that is excellent. blend the chickpea with roasted garlic, a touch of curry powder, some ginger fried in olive oil and crushed cashews. it is heavenly!"
people dont???that would mean we would never wear white ever because after labor day like what is considered before the next labor day
"the human soul is the result of the spirit entity dwells in the human corporeal body. the spirit being shall life in the corporeal body only when there is continuance of the existence of chemical compound reaction in the body, such a availability of energy, radiation, blood flows, etc.. . normally after a person is proclaim to be death, it internal organ or brain still carry some activity but at very minimal level, thus there is some sort of chemical compound activity such a heat dissipated from the body and temperature drop down, then some muscle become tense."
"well my friend there are two way you can look at it. the first one is that god made you this way. the second reason is if you dont belive in god and that is, it is the way you were born. you can not help this it is the way you are and their is nothing wrong with that."
"they look at paul a their role model, who wa celibate, and also try to be, though he said that theyre better off being married if they're going to want sex, than to want it while swearing it off, and being tempted all the time. celibacy is not for everyone, only very few, and priest really should not have to remain in that condition unless they feel that they actually can, and it should be a personal choice"
go to your local post office and fill out the application. then ask for expediate service; should receive within a couple of week versus 6-8 weeks. new law requires that you have a passport for any travel even to the caribbean or mexico.
"you're right on both parts: a university offer graduate degree and a college doesn't.. . and, i also agree with you that you say ""i went to college"" even when the school you went to wa a university. it's just the way people say it."
"a term derived from the popular mexican film y tu mamá también. a special group of people, charolastras are held to high standard under the charolastra manifesto. charolastra isn't a real word nor is it really translatable, it is something like an ""astral cowboy"". the term/name ""charolastra"" came about through misheard lyric of a song in english by saba in ytmt."
"""hell is empty, and all the devil are here"" shakespeare- from the tempest. . why? i just finished spending two month in washington d.c."
it's a religional issue for the shiit branch from muslums. it's represent for them the day where houssein the childrens of imam ali wa killed
"it a term in the buddhist religion. they believe that if they fulfill the eightfold noble path, they would stop reencarnating and reach to the ultimate paradise, that is nirvana(just fyi, i am not a buddhist!)"
"also, a dog's age. a very long time, a in i haven't seen sam in a coon's age, or it's been a dog's age since i went to the ballpark. the first phrase rest on the mistaken idea that raccoon (“coons”) live a long time. the variant may reflect a similar assumption but the true origin is not known."
"men cheat because they can... not all men do it, but most guys, if given the opportunity for no string attached sex, will do it... if they dont get caught, then they think they can do it again. some of them do feel bad, at that it just happened sex... but, again, not all guy will cheat... so it not really a why do guy cheat, it a why did that guy cheat... and there are a million answer that dont involve the girlfriend wasnt keeping him happy... but dont let them fool you into thinking it wa a girlfriend problem all the time... sometimes, they see it, they want it, they take it..."
"the blonde hair and blue eye wa just the concept of the ""ideal"" aryan race. it wa a representation of the pure northern european, germanic people whom he felt were a superior ""breed"" of human and should be united under his rule and dominate all other races. he actually had a ranking system for the different race and religious groups. but he wa actually half jewish too and he openly spoke of his disgust of his own ancestry."
errr..... what do u mean? :( is that bad?
"to show that even a person is in dealth row, he/she is being treated equally a anyone else. just guessing, ok."
putting something into the drink that doesnt belong there in order to make it an alcoholic beverage. spiking the punch bowl with vodka for example.
"technically only carbonated wine from the champagne region of france is ""champagne."". . the big difference is in the bubbles."
i've heard a box of baking soda helps. just keep it in the fridge.
"dude, your obviously asking the wrong people. try asking yourself. logic would destroy religion, but unfortunatly, it probably never will; just look at your answers!!(synfi excluded)"
"there are several methods, depending on the final product you are looking for. i use a french press to brew just one cup, or a drip type (mr coffee) coffee maker for 8-10 cup at a time. whatever you do, use pure, filtered water and freshly ground bean for the best flavor."
"it depends on how you cook them and if you get them while they are still green or if they are ripe. if you slice them thin while they are green and fry in oil and then add a little salt, they are really good. if you have a ripe one they are a little sweeter, you can also fry these one but cut a little thicker, you can also boil them in their skin and then smash them and then roll into a ball with shredded cheese and fry in a little oil, there are so many way to cook plaintain, but i prefer to get them green and slice thin and deep fry."
"the three main difference are a follows 1) jew believe in only one g-d no son no trinity etc. 2) jew believe in a messiah that will come and perform all that is stated in the prophets. not a messiah that come leaf and come back to do the job and 3) jew do not need someone to die for their sin to be forgiven, they just have to return to g-d's way with a true heart."
"the study of human social behavior, especially the study of the origins, organization, institutions, and development of human society.. analysis of a social institution or societal segment a a self-contained entity or in relation to society a a whole."
that's the classic catch 22 of gender. woman are fighting to reverse this kind of thinking.
"yes, latin. these are word for honor (or dignity), wisdom and a sword (lit.; loosely arms, weapon or just the ability to fight). motto seen in association with some martial art - perhaps suggesting 3 major characteristic of a well-rounded warrior."
"sorry, i searched everywhere i could think of but couldn't find anything by this name or with these authors. what do you know about the book?"
this is the natural way of creation. it is given and human have nothing to undo this
"i heard it usually because of their family history. e.g the parent wa abused by his father and thus doe same to his kid. or sumthin like that. or th parent ha a lot of stress and instead of buying a punchin bag, take it out on his children."
"probably because the coffe is hot, and adding the cold milk cool it down. so, hot coffee+cold milk=warm stuff, and if you start out cold and then ad hot coffee, it is cold milk+hot coffee= hot stuff"
"chocolate digestive or hob nob are the best dunking biscuit (i'm not sure they have a stateside equivalent). i'd recommend plain chocolate ahead of milk but it's a personal preference.. . a plain alternative is the rich tea, a rich tea finger ha the advantage of being suitable even for a narrow mug."
"boho (bohemian) . a fashion look with fringing, patchwork, homespun and raw-edged fabrics, paisley and floral prints, embroidery, tassels, studding, tooled leather, layering and ornate jewellery."
"your brain put the two image together, and that's how we have depth perception. you see a very slightly different view out of each eye, and that add up to a three-dimensional view when it is sorted out by the brain. try looking at something in the middle distance, covering first one eye and then the other. the view are almost the same, but the very fact that you are not seeing a flat photo-like view is because they are not exactly the same."
"i'm going to guess you mean polygamy, which is typically one person married to many people.. . mormon practiced polygamy in the faith's early days, but no longer consider it acceptable. it is illegal in most, if not all states."
"no! the teflon is a harmful cancer causing chemical ... and a someone already said, if it overheated it break down and can be very harmful!"
"islam (ĭsläm', ĭs'läm) , [arab.,=submission to god], world religion founded by the prophet muhammad. founded in the 7th cent., islam is the youngest of the three monotheistic world religion (with judaism and christianity). an adherent to islam is a muslim [arab.,=one who submits]."
"pretty much every keg used by a major brewery today is stainless steel. you can also look at the top of the keg where there alot of information, like the year it wa made(80's on is stainless steel), the company that made it, and im not sure on this but i think some company acually say what material wa used"
"by the way you conduct yourself. if you strive to be an honest person, a kind, generous person, a non-judgmental & unselfish person, you have defined yourself a a decent, aware human being.. . if you are greedy, jealous and sneaky, you have defined yourself a someone not to be trusted.. . seek the definition you admire and strive for that."
"to ""see red"" is to become very angry or enraged.. . i think it's related to a bull seeing a red flag (as in a bull fight), and charging it."
"the literal translation of ""je ne sais quoi"" to english is indeed ""i don't know what""! but it is normally used to point out something which is usually undefinable: for instance, if you say someone ha a certain ""je ne sais quoi"", then you find that person ha a very particular characteristic, which you like (or not!) but that cannot define with other words. the expression is also used by ""gourmets"" referring to exquisite food..."
"offer them a mint everytime you see them and don't offer it to anyone else around. they will get the hint, believe me. i did this and the girl said, ""does my breath stink or something"" and i said yes, a a matter of fact it does. i never smelled it again."
"social freedom is essentially the freedom to participate in society and in government without restraint. if you're socially free, people (such a superiors) are not always telling you what you can (or can't) do with your life. you are free to hang with friends, write letter of concern to the president, or go to the concert of your favorite band. social freedom could basically be described a doing what you want with your personal life (as long a it's within the limit of the law)."
you think that you are in control. you think that you are making the choices. you can do something and finish or you can stop.......
"in my eye i think they are not the same but they do work hand in hand! a soul is something that u have that represents the person that u are now and tomorrow and forever. a spirit is something that move u... that make u how u are. that make u that better person, that motivates u into being bad or good or doing bad or good."
"gwan-a-cas-tay. spanish is phonetic and pronounces all the letters, so you just spell it out."
"bactetia/ fungus and the sequential build up of biochemicals such a lactic acid. staleness is of course hastened by warm temperatures, or by keeping somthing in the open - making to item vulnerable to bateria/ fungal spores."
"because hamas is a terrorist organization whose very existance is based on a lie. they have no place in a sane and orderly human society, and their election to the head of palistinian government will only cause more pain and suffering in the end."
flying by plane is safer the going in a car. you are more likely to die of a car accident then dieing of a plane accident. also air port security is really good compared to how it used to be.
the best one is at sharper image! go there and test it out. i have been to brookstone and many other place and have found that sharper image ha the best one.....at least that is my opinion. hope this helps!
"well, i'd substitute the american cheese for mozerella, take out the black olives, add bacon bit or pieces, or possibly turkey or chicken. other than that, sound pretty good."
because the chicken doe not have a computer at home to answer stipid questions? that's why she went to her neighbor's house...
i think that reeses peanutbutter cup are the best!!! they are my all time favorite candy!
"make yourself see your creation in your mind, then practice certain type of skill depending on how you want your creation to look like in the eye of the world. always remember this: if you try very hard enough, your vision and creation will come true."
credit report will follow you. they use the same company in canada a in the u.s.
1 flirt. 2 look hot sexy etc. . 3 ask him mout if u hav 2
"just visiting old questions, hope you found what you were looking for. have a nice day."
people like reading about history because we like to know about the past. the mistake we made in the past and how we can learn from them and help shape our good future.
"induction cooktops only induct energy into ferrous metal-based pot and pans. if you are currently using cast iron, steel-plated or certain type of stainless steel pans, you should be able to continue to use the cookware you already own."
"it's when a person us their own energy, and some of the ambient energy around them, focus it through their own body, and applies it with healing intent upon the target.. . you should go find a book on pressure point and shiatsu massage. i'm sure you'll find it most enlightening! :)"
"if it is an outdoor shot the ""flag"" a 4x4 square of duvateen (black cloth) is used to block wind. a mild breeze can affect the steadicam.. a screen may be used to block hard sun from the actor's face.. a white silk would be used for fill lighting."
"i don't mean to sound rude...but, it sound like you need to learn how to paint. a guitar is made of wood or plastic, and you need to know the characteristic of the medium with which you are working. sanding wood is different than the prep for plastic, and so is the type of paint used.. talk to a paint shop, or maybe a music store, they should be able to give you more specific advice to help with your task. luck"
"first, find someone to buy it, then take their money, then give them the cello. and voila! you've sold a cello. =)"
"you, a baseball bat, tomorrow, at your house, because youre weird, hitting you on the head hard. lol im just kidding."
depends on what south u are referring to. logically it could vary from warmer weather to more or le people.
"although technically the north vietnamese and vietcong guerrilla were defeated by the americans, the impact of the tet offensive dealt a hard blow to u morale.. . altogether the communist force had attacked about 90 town and hundred of villages, apparently unphased by the presence of 500,000 u troops.. . spurred on by the anti-war movement at home president johnson began peace negotiation in paris later in the year.. . the paris peace accord were finally signed in january 1973, but fighting continued until the saigon government surrendered to the vietcong in april 1975."
you don't - you get a boyfriend because you enjoy spending time with someone. valentine day is just like any other day of the year - highly overrated!!. . if you are in it just to get a teddy bear and a box of chocolate go buy them for yourself!
"sliced bread wa born in chillicothe, missouri, on july 7, 1928.. . sliced bread wa popularized by wonder bread in 1930"
"miranda states, ""oh brave new world, with such creature in it!"" she realized the wonder of the great new world when she saw ferdinand."
it absorbs the moisture in the jar so the cooky don't go bad a quickly. it work with other thing also
"i'm a southern european so wine is part of my culture. this ha happened to me plenty of times, try pushing the cork in, instead of trying to pull it out. if it's a regular wine bottle (either local or a standard import a opposed to a high-end import) the cork should be 35 mm long and pose no problem."
there s only one race. we are all human
"some use acrylic, others opt to use more toxic auto paints.you do need to strip the paint and prep sand the wood to provide some tooth. no other sanding required until the clearcoat stage. you most definitelyned to take it apart to get uniformcoverage and avoid sealing your hardware to the body of the guitar."
"the catholic church under constantine the emperor, incorporated a lot of scripture that revealed evidence that 30% of u human are nothing but a sealed flesh which craves pleasure and pain, the emotion of compassion vs. rage and hate a well a being addicted to sexual impluses. dante fortells of these sinful act becoming even more vile and perverted contrary to love what is good and acceptable by abba the creator or our father, who ha invented both the heaven and cycle of hell."
here is some interesting information about the history of toasting and proper etiquette. cheers!
"the thematic center of the sinulog project of the cebu city government (which started on jan. 1980) is the figure of a native warrior's shield on whose face is imprinted the coat of arm of the santo niño.. the native shield figure symbolizes the country's ""continued resistance to colonization"". it speaks of the filipino's patriotic readiness to defend the country from all form of foreign in cursion."
"they are probably weevils. if you accidentally eat them, they won't kill you. but i would highly recommend that you throw out your pasta. i also recommend that you go through everything in your pantry or cupboard to find other item that they may have gotten into such a flour or oatmeal."
"type belly dance mitten into your browser address bar, then click go.. . or, do the same thing with a search engine like google. you will get plenty of answers."
people celevrate valentine day because people who are in love want to make people who aren't feel bad i think that people like that are just plain shallow and mean. i think it just mess with people because people i know people who ask people out on v day to feel special and then the next day they don't like the person they asked out...it's a big mess. but it doe make the people who sell chocolate and flower rich...and i think that you shouldn't need to have a holiday to celebrate you loving someone because if you really love someone you will show them that you love them every day
"astrology form of divination based on the theory that the movement of the celestial bodies–the stars, the planets, the sun, and the moon–influence human affair and determine the course of events.. . more information below"
"it's really only the fundamentalist in certain religion that believe that kind of foolishness. there are lot of religious people who have progressive, inclusive, and ecumenical understanding of their faith. there are lot of religious people who while devoted to their own faith, respect other faith a spiritual paths."
i can put up with a lot unless it's not fair. when injustice occurs.....i become a totally different person. my pet peeve is people that just do what they do for the sake of themselves no matter how unfair it might be to so many others.
"a fatwa (arabic: فتوى) plural fatāwa (فتاوى), is a legal pronouncement in islam, issued by a religious law specialist on a specific issue. usually a fatwa is issued at the request of an individual or a judge to settle a question where ’’fiqh,’’ islamic jurisprudence, is unclear. a scholar capable of issuing fatwa is known a a mufti."
"you should probably be happy with it no matter what size it is ;). no matter what size it is, there a girl (or guy) somewhere who would love it."
"providing the international traveler with expedited visa processing and 24 hour turnaround on passports. specializing in travel to china, russia, and vietnam. document authentication service available."
you just need to find what you really enjoy doing and get a job doing that thing. this way you will earn money doing what you like and life will be more exciting.. . another suggestion is to meet new people and learn thing from them.
"i searched everywhere, including my translator and i couldn't find this word. is it spelled right?"
"check the newspaper for charter flight that have extra seat (that is, you don't have to book the hotel room too).. . i've listed some of my favorites. there may be different travel charter in your area depending on where you live."
"they only copied 1)to turn the staff into a snake 2) to turn water into blood, but not back to water and 3) to create frogs. they were able to do this through ""kellipa"" which is the power that come from sins, and is the source of black magic etc."
"that is relative, i've done more thing in my life than most people are willing to believe. by my standards, were i to tell someone to get a life, it would involve lofty goals. in my opinion, because of my background, i think that it is a phrase meant to offend rather than to be taken literally, in that case whoever told you that, you tell them i am telling them to get a life."
"seeds.........fruits are fleshy covering of seeds. vegetable are roots, stem or leaves. doe this help any?"
of course. we need to understand the depth of man's inhumanity to man so we will be able to confront and defeat it in the future.
"""bayram"" mean religious festival, holiday in turkish language. bayram-lar-a is in plural form. a add a meaning like ""to"" .maybe he wanted to say something like, live more good festivals:s. it cannot be rude in any meanings:)"
"start with explaining the problem, the difficulty and the lack of managment that caused the problem. then you can continue to show people your view it's benefites and your point"
make your grit like usual but when they are done put them into a buttered loaf pan or square cake pan to cool. when they set up slice them into stick the size you want then roll them in seasoned self rising flour and you can either deep fry or fry in a pot of grease or oil. on the west coast we used to do the same thing with corn meal then dip them in syrup when done
"well, when i wa growing up they used to say a person wa a ""pistol"" when they were rebellious or unique. i guess it went from there to ""son of a gun"" which make sense if you think about it. lol"
a) our lady wa a virgin.... b) she listened to her parent and elders. c)she prayed daily. d)she wa the mother of god!!!
"i watched a show that said that they were called ""hot dachsunds"" originally, after the short-legged, long-bodied dogs. but people had a hard time spelling dachsunds and they shortened it, ending up with ""hot dogs."""
hiccup start from the diaphram. if you can totally relax your mind the diaphram will relax and they will go away.
a 'knowledgeable' person doesn't accept what others say without running that data through certain critical filter which he or she ha developed. this process is a kind of defense mechanism and allows the individual to protect himself to a greater degree against the many manifestation of mendacity and subterfuge whch one encounter in daily life.
"when you die.... . the body stop working and then your family, friends, and loved one feel that the wise thing to do is to put you (fully dress in your sunday best) into a hard, cold box made of wood and then put that box 6 foot under the ground and put a large piece of stone over it.. . they will then visit that stone for many year to come."
"an accomplishment is something that others have seldom done. if there are no others, then by definition there are no accompliments, or maybe everything that you did for the first time would be an accomplishment"
"people do not use god's word to back up their point because it would be impossible. too often their human thought are diametrically opposed to god's thoughts.. . (2 timothy 4:3,4) for the time is coming when people will not endure sound teaching, but having itching ear they will accumulate for themselves teacher to suit their own likings, and will turn away from listening to the truth and wander into myths."
"most are determined by the ntsb a pilot error. if you are talking about single or twin engines, it is 100ll (100 octane low lead) it look blue -- some homebuilt aircraft use regular automobile fuel - jet obviously use jet fuel -"
"evolution, a single(one) male can impregnate many woman which also make them more disposible to the continuance of the human race, or on the springer show. some should not be allowed to repoduce."
the people should make their profile adult profiles. perhaps you need to report to yahoo so they can deal with it.
"what kinda chatting do you like to do? there is so many place to find them, allot if not all of the dating site out there allow you to list ""chatting"" a your prefered relationship goal."
"life is to grow, expand, evolve, learn, spread, develop, explore the unknown.. . compare this with each and every living thing on the planet... if it matches.... than it just 1% i can say now... can argue or discus about it... i would like to."
"i think it is when people are attracted to the same sex, or when people hang with the opposite sex to much, they might start to think of themselves a that sex. it may also be that they feel that they should be the opposite sex, and so men flip the pizza and talk womany and vice-versa, i.e. kip dynamite, although he isn't gay, you would think he was."
"lol...too cute. well, i feel you wouldn't have to worry about a nut..lol..you are one."
the beach are nice but not real wide like miami beach. the water can be a little rough at place so be carefull. some girl do go topless with no problem.
"nowadays you are right because we are the dominant species. but 10.000 year ago we weren't that strong and we needed each other much more to do the 4 principels. and to do that we developed speach, for which we needed our intelligence"
"if they put vitamin into soda that would limit the amount you could drink. for instance, if they put iron into soda, you could literally overdose on the soda. if the soda seller are trying to sell a lot of soda vitamin are not the way to go. vitamin would mean we have to exercise control only drink a bit."
"eh!! speak of the devil..my name is mandi. i dunno really how common it is, but..yea..wonder how common the middle name leigh is? ha."
plato wa the student of socrates and aristotle wa the student of plato. plato and aristotle wrote but socrates didn't
because the adjective suicidal implies always thinking aobut death. if they didn't then they wouldn't be suicidal
"are you perhaps talking about origami? there are dozen of site that can be found through google, and apparently hundred of variation on fish."
"actually, endive is also grown year round in hothouses. and, interestingly, mostly in the dark!"
"remember 2 tablespoon of grease 2 tablespoon of flour mix and add 3/4 cup of milk.. you can do a white sauce same measuments but add 1 cup of milk. use it for cream eggs, macaroni and cheese, cream ground beef, creamed chipped beef.etc..."
"the meaning of the meaning of life is that human strive for something outside or beyond themselves. that is an important part of what make u human. by defining the meaning of life, we are making a value judgement, and whatever we assign a the ""meaning of life"" is whatever we hold a having the highest value."
one of my best friend is black. she laugh when i say that black look alike. yes they do. it is irritating when you are attempting to find somebody that look like everyone else.. love all.
"a pizza joint where i had pizza once had this unique way of making the pizza dough. the crust had bit of crunchy garlic and breadcrumb that made it crunchy and retained it's crunch even after refrigarated and thawed.. make pizza dough a per normal, then add fried garlic bit and breadcrumb to the dough, and make pizza a per normal.. result are wonderful."
"im a educated in catholic schools, nun taught me that when you sing praise to god, you are actually praying twice.. . personally though i think the importance of music in religious rite is that it take the believer to a higher level of communicating with god because we sing from our heart and when we sing we sometimes can better express our feeling"
it taste good which mean it bad for you. ever notice the thing that taste great are bad for you?
"the sense of togetherness. every family ha drama but when we all get together for anything from a child bday bash to somebody wedding, it very rich in games, laugh and good times... it's amazing how we all come together"
depends on your race. . they might impound your tractor.
"i actually think computer is computer. gui is graphical user interface. check out the link below for more on the history of the ""computer"""
it mean never to listen to gossip. or other thing thata people say bad about others.
"according to revelation in the bible, it is the 'mark of the beast'. whatever that means."
"dog used to be used a gaurds, shepards, hunters, etc. and they didn't (couldn't) complain about working condidtions, so they were often worked mercilessly - hence - work like a dog."
"the name ""uncle sam"" came from the initial ""u.s."" stamped on government property of the united state during the war of 1812.. . accd. to and old story, the name originated from merchart who supplied provision to u army, samuel wilson, who wa popularly known to everyone a ""uncle sam""."
they put the bud into the bottle once they've been pollinated and let them grow in there. or at least that's one way.
"making dream catcher are easy!. you start with a hoop, some string and beads. check out the web site below for detailed instructions."
"my guess is that the term ""generation x"" wa coined somewhere in a popular newspaper or magazine and then people started copying it. ""generation y"" is just a borrowing of generation x (but tne next one). i have no evidence whatsoever to back up this idea, but a little internet searching might reveal what were the first time the term were used."
because veggie go good with meat.. . peta = people eating tasty animal
"it mean the ""love of wisdom"". a a human tradition, philosophy is the various collected story and construct that attempt to explain and understand reality via speculative means. think of the classic ""liberal arts."""
"i assume you mean autocad? basic understanding of geometry, a teach yourself book in 21 day book and go to town."
"lol people think you mean the band. i love the salmon pate. if they don't have krabbpastej at ikea, you might try emailing customer service or finding the abba site."
"the same a ""ready to wear"".. clothing not specifically made for you by a tailor or seamstress."
"i wa always taught that bright colour (hence the yellow) mean warning, or to stay away, to predator and others of the animal/insect world, and it is used a a defense mechanism to warn anything trying to eat or kill it that it can and will hurt it. a typical example of another insect trying to replicated this defence idea to protect themselves, is your garden-variety black and yellow caterpillar.. they do this because again, the bright colour represent a warning, even though they are not dangerous.. amongst flower and other brightly coloured plants, these colour can also help to hide or camouflage them."
"the muh-he-con-neok (the people of the water that are never still), now called the mohicans, were almost totally wiped out by disease, battle with the white american and cultural erosion. the few that remain can be found in the stockbridge-munsee band. see the site below."
"this genre began in england with the writing of horace walpole in the mid-eighteenth century. the frankenstein is early nineteenth century gothic literature.. . gothic novel contained ghosts, haunted castles, terror, mystery, supernatural beings, madness, curses, etc."
"first of all, try a hanging bag (that's the thing that you put over thing that are on hangers). if you don't have one and don't have time to buy one, take some sweat sock or tee shirt and roll them up. fold your suit, and in every crease, put the tee shirt or sock in the fold. this way, you don't have really tight creases."
"it tie together quantum mechanic and balancing your checkbook. it theorizes that below and beyond the atom, rubberbands hold the universe together."
"someone who belief in the fundamental teaching of the bible.. . however, the more literal definition is well defined below. often time people are quick to label christian ""fundamentalists"" to downplay what they are saying, which is quite intolerant."
"red star is a synonym for russia. there is a ""hack"" for canon rebel dslr (also known a canon eos 300d) from a russian guy which modifies the original firmware and enables some hidden feature of that camera. this is known a ""russian hack"" or ""red star patch"""
"the attitude of some may be that they are providing a legitimate service for a competitive price. i mean, there's obviously a market for it and the service provided may be worth what the customer is willing to pay.. . based on radio/tv interview that i've heard, some are well educated, and very sophisticated, elegant and creative at minding their own business."
"people labor every day year in, year out. it's about the right time to stop and celebrate that they have work. also, it is the government's and the businesses' way of recognizing the hard work that worker do."
"the answer will be a little different for each person but it all boil down to finding your purpose, performing it to the best of your ability, being kind and understanding of others, and trying to help the world be a better place. that's it in a nutshell."
one of my favorites... this is a translation of han christian andersen's the little mermaid. from the danish h.c.a. center
"the ship is built on the outside of the bottle, but it flat. once the ship is finished being built, a string is attached to it. it is then pushed inside the bottle. then the string is pulled to open the ship up inside the bottle."
"metaphysical real. cannot predict things, is not repeatable ( sorry, bad english, i mean you cannot do the same experiment over and over obtaining the same results) , metaphysical reality can depend very much of what one is thinking a his truth, while logical reality can be somehow corroborated , metaphysical reality go beyond physical reality..wich is somehow pretentious to me, since we don't truly understand the physical realm yet but we are willing to talk about thing beyond that a if we were owner of truth."
like any wine in a cool dry place out of the deadly sun light. if you keep it for a long time do rotate the bottle once in a while to prevent residue to form. to be cooled or chilled before serving but don't go super cold no freezer action here you would kill it.place it your fridge and then serve it in an ice bucket when good to go.
"only with great difficulty. a genealogic tree follows individuals, not species. i believe what you want is a tree of phylogenetic relationships. these are still controversial, but you might find several good one using a search engine."
among other thing we have learned more about a jewish religious sect known a the essene who lived in their own community and were apparently waiting for the coming messiah. since this group wa active during and slightly before the time of christ some scholar have spectulated that the essene might have influenced christian teaching or even that john the baptist and jesus (and some of his disciples) might have been essenes.
"i think people subconsciously relate roman numeral to the ancient times, so even though the 10 comandments weren't given to moses that terribly long ago, we think of putting them on there. they also look a little more serious."
"thier influence a a kid, teenager, and growing up.. . it can be parent friend teacher tv movie music books, whatever that person ha an interest in."
why are you asking a question you already know the answer to? and yes i would remove my lip if it would make brushing unnessary. i'm cut and i love it!
"if i remember correctly, the methodist got their name from the way they studied the bible, that is, they had a particular ""method"" setup by the brilliant teacher john wesley.. . there is no fundamental difference between methodist and christians. methodist are a congregation of christians. the one i know, i love dearly."
i would love to visit japan. i want to see tokyo and listen to music and see the fashion and art and eat lot of food!
actually they're both wrong. tomato were considered poisonous for so long because people ate the leaf and stem of the tomato and not the fruit (which actually are poisonous.) then the poor people started to eat the fruit and everyone realized that the fruit is not poisonous.
"because we have lot's of everything...lot's of choices. a lot of people just choose to spend $3.00 and 20 minute for a meal rather that $250.00 and 4 hour for a meal. there's plenty of choice for ""non-junk-food-junkies,"" too!"
i am thinking profound brain dammage. but just a guess.
"because american are so patriotic about their country, flag, and beliefs. disclaimer: i think that's a good thing too."
"the leaf *are* poisonous, being a part of the deadly nightshade family (as are eggplant and tomatillos). when first discovered it wa widely believed that the fruit wa also poisonous, and being round and red so the label ""apple"" due to resemblance wa an obvious choice."
"apply to companies' websites, classified ads, online job boards.. . in particular, apply to cnadian company that have brazilian presence/connection, which you can help them with.. . good luck!"
"because sometimes the truth isn't what people what to hear, but it is always best to let the truth be know. if a person chooses not to believe the truth then maybe they are the one at a lose. regardless of what the person think if you truely believe what you are saying is the honest answer then give it a little time and say it agian."
"to find our purpose in life ... to serve others and find happiness .... . now a to why i am here at work ... well, i gotta be somewhere ..."
"the social security death index below may have him. it wa last updated 31 dec 2005. if not, but you have his ssn, the social security administration may be able to help you."
"the most famous restaurant (and a far a i know, the only one) with ancient greek food is ""archaion gefseis"". there are three of them, in athens centre, in piraeus and in myconos.. in the one in athens, you can eat lying down on ""anaklintron"" (something like a sofa/bed), if you make a reservation before."
"google is better, bigger, and more recognized. . sorry yahoo!. i google first"
absolutely beautiful!!! bluer than blue sky ... redder than red rock ... friendly people ... decent restaurant ... very spiritual ...
"i'm thinking it our self-centered, selfish behavior and a natural animal instinct to fight. i'm also looking for this answer and have gotten no where. lot of theory and opinions, but none that really cover the whole problem.. . each one of u can go out of our way to make sure we don't cause further hate, and it can do nothing but help."
"i can agree with that to a certain extent, however, it not just the black guys. the white jobks are like that also. especially in college, majority of jock don't go to class, and the one who do have a hard time understanding. maybe it because they spend most of their time playing sport that they don't think that it really that important."
the guru of ganja of course. been there done that. keep on keepin on.
"well in simple term it is a unique type of corn kernel where the skin part is fairly hard, the center is soft, and when you add heat the moisture inside turn to steam exploding it inside out. not all corn kernel will pop, i've tried ;-) the corn of course come off a corn stalk, grown in corn fields. check out the wikipedia for all you'd ever want to know about em."
"one well known trick for psychic deal with their extreme general approach to telling you your future, then reading your reaction to know in which direction to proceed. i.e. if you are a male, they will say something like, ""i see a new development in your love life coming"" and then ask a question about whether or not you are expecting such a thing, and then go from there. an unsuspecting person will very easily give clue to their life by their facial/body language reaction to question or statements."
"because after a big meal, people enjoy having a little something sweet to finish the meal. the big voila"
"after the nazi invading czechslovia in 1938, england france said to hitler you can keep but don't invade any other country and hitler said ok. england and france aslo made a promies to portect poland. so when in setp. 1939 hilter invade poland, britain and france decalare war on germany."
light tuna would be tuna that is canned in water a opposed to oil. white tuna refers to the cut of tuna. tuna ha both white meat and dark meat.
in my camp. being religious is doing thing for god when people are looking. being spritual is what i do for god when people are not looking.
"that's a very good question. the answer is that all of the religion in the world are equally valid, because they all teach the same things. the symbolisim is what's important, and if you take the time to find it, any religion will work for you."
"well, some religion may have been attempt at early science and making moral sense of all that's going on in the universe of real things.. . look like it became a convenient tool with which to organize and control society.. . and maybe it kinda gave people an excuse to enjoy all the dancing, music, and motion that everyone else does...cept change the word a bit to suit the taste of your religion."
"spirituality is the nonreligious practice of working with all thing metaphysical, such a psychic abilities. while element of religion are used, true spirituality is practiced by one's self generally. some of the people who are into spirituality call themselves ""mystics"". a ""mystic"" is a person who practice spirituality by mixing different element of various religion and practice those elements."
i do exactly that when i make vanilla vodka. but i warm the vodka in a pot on low and add a little sugar to get the full flavor of the vanilla bean. then let it sit in a plastic container for 48 hours. then enjoy!
"popular legend say that when you drink the drink with the gold leaf, it's supposed to scrape the esophagus (sp?) to make you drunk more. i think it a myth because alcohol molecule are small enought that it will be absorbed when it first come in contact in the mouth."
to expand on the previous answer - adding a cold liquid to a hot mixture all at once will dramatically reduce the temperature of the heated mix. adding the milk slowing allows for incorporation of the milk while maintaining the proper level of heat.
"you don't let go of love... love will let go of you. when the time is right you move on & you won't even realize it until you see a picture or are reminded of them.. it may take month or years, but it will go faster if you don't try to hold onto it (don't think about them all the time, put up thing that remind you of them) ..... that is he best advice i have.. hope it help you some."
u.s.a. stand for united state of america. the link below will provide you with more information about this country.
well in other culture wine is a huge part of dining traditions. wine ha been accompanying food long before beer wa around
"yes, what henry said.. . for example, in the year 1939, jehovah's witness were the first people to be interned in nazi concentration camps."
"i would recommend baking soda. if you go to wal-mart or the grocery store, you can get fridge pack of baking soda that open on the side and allow the baking soda to absorb food odors. this is a time-proven trick that will save your ice."
"nature and human being are one. it is no longer correct to use the tern man when you mean people, very offensive to woman to exclude u"
"call the mission office for that mission, and they'll be able to tell you which missionary are assigned to that ward.. . if you live there, i'd say just show up to church and you'll probably meet them."
"mr. smith(english) => smith-san, smith-kun(japanese),. san and kun mean mr.. . kun is often used for a boy like smith-kun.. kun is also used for a man(adult) who is younger than you.. kun is used only for male.. kun sound friendly and san sound polite."
"heaven is a marketing gimmick. it is a promise of something you are supposedly going to receive after you perform some act of ritual or initiation, conveeeniently administered to you by a thoughtful, caring organization of some kind, which only want you to give a simple donation to facilitate their good work.. heaven is whatever you think you want after talking to these people, whether they are religionists, politicians, sport advertisers, soda pop salesmen, or the corporation who you work for. heaven is almost always something you cannot achieve on your own, and usually something you wouldn't do if you were just trying to ethically survive on your own without that particular societal group.. 10,000 virgins, anyone ?"
"in 1533 spanish conquistador destroyed the inca city that lay far below machu picchu, but they never found the mountaintop city. the intihuatana stone at machu picchu is highly valued because the spaniard systematically searched out and destroyed all intihuatana stone they found. when a sacred stone wa broken it wa said to release the god and power that inhabited it. the stone at machu picchu is whole, and therefore still in possession of all of it original power."
"assuming this is ""how long"" the answer is until it is treated or until it kill you. if the mastectomy (breast removal) isn't enough to take care of it, it often mean that the cancer ha spread too far, and sadly, will be lethal. though there have been many mastectomy that are successful and neutralize the cancer, leaving life fairly normal."
"you mean playen'pocket pool?ha ha ha! gee, girl don't get to have any fun!!!!!!"
"hi, woman have a different brain struture than men, have more part of the brain active same time than men. most of woman talk more than men, because are more open more emotional and have fun talking, but doesnt mean all woman talk a lot and are equal, believe, there are woman that talk le than men and the society is changing rapidly, on last century it wa a shame a man cry now is natural. i think the fact woman talk a lot ha to be also with their education and the way they see the world, there is also some woman they think talk to much is not useful. however most woman get a relief talking about their problem or other thing (sometimes boring stuff:), no doubt about that!"
"like beauty, sexy is in the eye of the beholder. i would say being sexy is based on personality and looks. it's the whole persona that a person get from someone else that arouses them. (some people only care about look so for them it's just looks.)"
"i'm guessing it ha something to do with the fact that our brain are still 'wired' to perceive light a 'awake time' and dark a 'sleep time'. there is a neural pathway, seperate from the optic nerve, that allows the brain to perceive change in light and dark. by shuttering the eyes, you can futher give your brain the illusion that it is nighttime by blocking more light."
"why not start a blog that address these issues?. . your voice could be heard and you could offer a beacon of hope to many girl in the same situation.. . it's not a perfect solution, but it is cheap and available."
"like the native american were under american rule -- horribly. many of them were slaughtered, and australian self rule didn't solve the problem. in fact, the australian government wa responsable for many aborigies' deaths."
"to attain economic success around the world. by controlling others overseas, they are ensuring that they have open port to trade and control. also, by having other country to control, they are attaining fame and fortune a a ""global power"""
"it seems, even just from the answer that have been presented here, that ""double dipping"" ha a broad meaning, like you said. i guess we can summarize by saying that it mean any time a person doe or take twice a much a usual."
"blog is short for ""web-log"", an online journal, diary, or just a log of your thought on a particular subject. blog is also now a verb, meaning to write in your blog."
"life varies from meaningless end to a meaningful path. anyone can feel the meaning of life if he/she is simple, and do his/her best for others. if you can feel the beauty of nature, value of being vegan, have a simple life, think positively about others, dont hate yourself and finally think the life is beautiful, you can get the meaning of life."
"the term ""metrosexual"" (metropolitan heterosexual) is defined by it's social psychological relationship to homophobia in it's counterpart: rural heterosexuality.. . isolated, these term suggest the magnitude of personal contact the metropolitan heterosexual (metro-sexual) encounter with lesbian and gay men represents higher altitude of social acceptance for gay culture. whereas, in le populated vicinities, (less people = le gays) heterosexual will be le likely to accurately define the world entirely in heterosexual term since they have le to compare their ""straitness""."
"i think one of the most appreciated way to comfort a grieving person is to tell them how the deceased had touched your life, such a a short story or a character quality about the person. and then close by telling them that you are sorry for their loss and that s/he will be in your thought and prayers.. . knowing their loved one wa important to others is like salve to a wound."
they crisp better. not soaking will make a soggy fry.
"logic is our formulized description of the basic tenant of the world. it doesn't *exist* apart from the thing it describes, sort of like numbers."
"dont even try to figure that 1 out. you will waste to much time. best answer , have a much fun a you can, do what you like to do, be kind."
"""5 socializers"". ""5 socializes"" give the impression that the number 5 is socializing."
"there are a few way to show any situation, change in a situation or compare some phenomenon. you can do that with figure (growth rate, or absolute level), table or graphic. so, graphic representation is a visual representation of what you want to show in figure or tables."
"apparently the tree's destruction is not documented in the story. according to wikipedia, it either died or jadis, the white witch, discovered a way to overcome it with increasingly stronger magic of her own."
i would suggest using the net. i am planning a trip to munich shortly and have seen car rental a low a apporoximately $225 / wk.
"it a straight guy who might be mistaken for gay. for instance a male that wear girl jeans, ha nice hair, good style, etc. but is attracted to females."
"great question that can only be answered by faith or lack of it. either you accept it and have faith in him, or reject the whole concept and condemn human on their own. either way it doesn't look so good for us."
"he is given a ""paupers"" grave. buried at taxpayer expense (generally le than $1,000), if his name and dob - dod are known they are put onto a small marker.. . it is against the law to dispose of a human body in a medical waste dumpster (body part from amputation are sent out to be cremated)."
if it's dripping over the edge it's filled too much! at most 3/4 of the way is good a little le sometimes depending on recipe. it may also be the reason why they're flat.
"i personally think that most religion are similar, they only have different name but they all say same things. i respect all religions.. i respect bahai faith too specially because it prophet and me are from same country :d . there is a variety of religions, i agree that i should find the best one that is proper for me."
"god is now here!!! i really like that it sound good to say. it sound like an affirmation to say when you realize you're being pessamistic and negative and decide to change your life or mood and reaffirm to yourself that you are not alone and everything is fine, god is now here, it soothing like when you're a child and you have a nightmare and your mother come in the room and says, ""dont worry everythings ok mama here, shh"" i really like that. thankyou for the question you made my day :)"
"probably not. the law that we do know about physic tend to be based on how energy and matter interact and how form and structure hold together. for there to be another universe on a scale that large, it would have to exist on entirely different law and energy scales, and therefore, wouldn't exist a far a we were concerned because we could never interact with it."
"low in fat, super-high in cholesterol, decent in protein...enough vitamin a to last three days.. . don't ask how i know.. :o)"
"pottery wa made in the past to hold things, water, oil, grain, etc.... pre columbian a our friend explained, indicates an origin in the culture which existed in america before columbus, thus pre columbian is all native american.... particularly, it may refer to the aztecs, mayans, and other important civilization of america (the continent, not the us)"
"did you see ana's previous work, and agree to her work quality standard before you entered into a contract with her? that would seem to be the wise thing to do.. . you can't expect the government to legislate art, can you?"
"actually, he did many thing that just now composer are experimenting with. the tonality of his last piece are quite intricate, and even possibly polytonal and polychordal, something that wasn't done in the 1700s at all. he also helped bridge teh gap between baroque and classical music. for more information go to the grove encyclopedia."
"i think it mean studying a certain culture through their mythology. there is a lot of information that can be obtained through juxtaposition, of say, several deities.. but that is just my opinion. hope it helps."
"they also tend to brain wash some into buying product that are both unneeded and unwanted. they sell polictcal candidates, antigerm product which tend to make supergerms, drug which are not really needed and the concept of he who ha the most toy wins.. ad will try to convince you that here are the 'droids for which you have been looking."
"i recommend that you read alice walker's the right to life: what can the white man say to the black woman'. you may know alice walker from the colour purple book. anyway, althugh the article wa written in 1989 and concern a then current policy issue relating to abortion in america, the article is without doubt one of the best antidote for racism that i have ever read.. . you can read it at the source below."
"the prayer in spanish goes, ...catolico apostolico y romano... but a for mexico, anyone who claim to be chatolic is all of the above. even tough most doesn't know.."
"it is an island and part of nova scotia.. it's joined to the mainland by the canso causeway. it's really beautifull,you should visit."
"there are a lot of different way of looking at that. basically is mean a person who is difficult to define, or describe. could be a person who ha a lot of different emotional layer and that it take a lot of time and effort to truly know."
"in short, islam is religion and a person who belive in this is muslim. nothing more than this."
firecracker were invented in china and used on chinese new year. in the u they are also used on our new year and 4th of july. they are used on patriotic holiday (such a cinco de mayo in mexico) and new year in other countries.
"an alcoholic drink right before retiring to bed. (i.e. ""would you care to join me for a nightcap?"") :)"
perhaps you're clicking on the icon too many times. this happens to me sometimes because i'm impatient.
they do? probably because they are a minority there and india ha unsolved issue with islamic pakistan.
"well it took 6 hour for someone to answer. there's your answer :). . it's the new york time btw, isn't it?"
"no one living know exactly what he look like. even though for year there have been depiction of jesus christ there is only desciptions of him in the bible that are vague and no one can say for certain that he look anything like we think that he does. muhammad is described in the same type of way, however a it is written that there should be no image of him, the muslim people have kept it that way and feel that people who do are being disrespectful not only of the prophet, but of islam a well when this is not followed."
mass is the amount of matter in an object. matter is something that take up space.
los angeles international airport. it icao airport code is klax and it is generally just known a lax.. . it is the third busiest airport in the u and the fifth businest in the world. it handle more origin and destination passenger than any other airport in the world.
some close on christmas day. i know the one in my town does.
"angry pirate are pirate in the classical time whose leg(s) is/are have just been cut and are deciding which pegleg to buy.. or whose hand ha just been cut and are undecided which hook to buy. or, they are pirate who have forgotten where they've buried their treasure."
having hiccough mean that your body confused breathing with swallowing. drink a glass of cold water and then hold your breath a long a comfortable. it's like resetting your system.
it just one of mother nature mysterys.better to not ever find out. we might not like milk if we do!
"water from undergroung spring sometimes ha carbon dioxide disolved in it. carbon dioxide make the bubble in fizzy soda and champagne, thus such water are naturally sparkling.. . the source for perrier - the french sparkling water - is naturally sparkling, and their label used to say so. however it wa found that the fizz wa lost in the extraction process and that perrier artificially put it back in, so they had to change their claim on their label."
"reason is the strongest tool that man ha at his disposal. our ability to solve complex problem is not only the root of our intelligence, but is also the cause of our genetic success for so many year despite being a relatively weak and vulnerable species."
"raised on both, like smooth. i think some people change their mind because they get sick of having only one kind."
"rev, you know so much. do you give bible lessons? could you email the lesson on jesus and his bad temper when he committed these violent acts?"
hmmm. get it from the airport authority but i think u wont b able to get it anyways y do u want it
"in some country they allready do, like in belgium . . lot of school have it"
"unlike those on the black market, grey market good are not illegal. instead, they are being sold outside of normal distribution channel by company which may have no relationship with the producer of the goods. frequently this occurs when the price of an item is significantly higher in one country than another; this situation commonly occurs with cigarette and electronic equipment such a cameras. entrepreneur will buy the product where it is available cheaply, often at retail but sometimes at wholesale, import it legally to the target market and sell it at a price which provides a profit but which is below the normal market price there."
"here is my shot.... . the first violin is called the concertmaster. the violin section is the largest section within the philharmonic, or symphony orchestra.. . some orchestra still play without a conductor, and in most instance the concertmaster take the place of the conductor, while still playing his music."
"you wrote it wrongly, i think? it should be "" je suis aimée"" (three words.). it is of course french, and it mean ""i am loved"" said by a female. it should be ""je suis aimé"" if said by a male."
i like to eat at ryan's steak house. some area it is known a fire mountain. i like their buffet. they have almost everything.
"this mean that someone else repeated verbatim, or exactly, a criticism that an individual made of a book, event, or other activity worthy of comment.. . for example, if you criticize a news story a being too general and i agree with you, it could be said that i echo your criticism."
"it actually an invitation for someone to enter their space. she will do it more frequently if someone who interest them is near.. . also, it is a mean of self-stimulation, excess energy can be sublimated."
break some egg in a tupperwear smear the bread in it and throw it on the pan a if you were cooking eggs. add some syrup and maybe some powdered sugar and you got one sugar high breakfast.
"so far i know, whoever kill a human being in the name of allah is not a proper muslim anymore. may be some criminal muslim can do that. there is nowhere in islam said to kill a human in the name of god.. . you should replace the word ""muslim"" in your question."
unfortunately it is easier to trust in thing at first sight than to make the effort of digging to discover that the ugly girl you'll never look at is more beautiful than all those you dream of due to the way they look. it is not amazing a we live in a world of image for example there are fan who could die for brad pitt who they don't know really a they saw him in movie and not in real life not realising that he doesn't know their existence at all or that he'll forget them after 2 min after dedicating a photograph for them a he wa asked to. the power of appearance is so great that it is above our imagination.
"henry ford originally used a system to evaluate employee at the ford motor company in which each worker wa given a piece of paper at the end of the workday, which evaluated their performance. a piece of white paper meant the work wa acceptable, while a pink piece of paper (""pink slip"") meant they were fired."
"you can actually take the train most of the way (or drive!). go up through france, and then take either the ferry or eurotunnel up through england onto scotland.. it'll take you a long time, and be quite a bit more expensive, but if you really can't fly, it's worth considering!"
"if you do your own printing, you can buy emulsion from a good photo supplier, follow the direction on the bottle very carefully, then process in a pan a you would a print.. . if you don't do your own printing, buy a photo mag like shutterbug or something like that and look at the advertising. someone there will do it, but it could be expensive.. . i have included two source below."
it call cultural shock :. if u dont know what it mean it is when someone from other culture find something which may be really offensive to ohersd that they do or viseversa u may even get killed for acting whitout care.. another one is that sometimes u may not knot the real money currency and u may get le that u supost to.
"bangkok is the capital of thailand. . ""bangko"" can either mean ""bench"" or ""bank"" in filipino."
i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i. i i. . hope that helps!
"with every new feather in your cap or new achievements, so to speak, stay grounded and dont let it affect your personal level of awareness, simplify it. dont underestimate nor criticize, and it will all come out naturally."
"google out are regular, download the software and download any song in any language you want from there. that s/w doesn't take much of your disk space.cheers."
"""ted"" being a diminutive (shortend form) for ""teddy"", which again is the diminutive for ""edward"" and theodore.. . ""edward"" is the english form from the anglo-saxon ""eadweard""; ""ead"" = ""property, estate"" and ""weard"" = ""protector"". thus ""edward"" mean ""property-protector"".. . it seems to me that with all those ""d(t)"" sound and the natural urge to make a name of endearment shorter than the full ""official"" name, it just come out to ""ted"" - and even ""ed""."
"animal fat, which is considered to be 'saturated fat' [meaning majority of carbon atom are forming double bond wth sorrounding oxygen atoms] is a lot harder to decompose chemically- therefore harder to 'burn'. vegetable oil on the other hand is more likely to react to sorrounding chemicals[therefore easier to break down- therefore healthier]. . take care,"
"saint valentine is supposed to be some sort of martyr, but it is actually a holiday kept alive by the greeting card, candy and flower industries. total 2006 valentine's day retail is expected to exceed 13 and a half billion dollars."
"parboil them a little first for a few minute 5-10 depending on the size, then coat them in a little oil. ( i usually mix spice in with it make them really yummy) then roast them at medium high heat till they're done. the high heat is the secret to making it crispy."
"animo is related to ""anima"" from ancient greek. it mean the force that take a body into motion, ancient greek believed that the difference between a motionless and mobile body wa the ""anima"".. . this is the first philosophical concept of ""soul"", that is the difference between the living and the dead body, a living body ha a soul or ""anima"" infused, and when this anima abandoned the body, it wa motionless and so, dead.. . latin took from greek the word and this is why all western language have word with this root... like ""animate"" to infuse movement (if we were greek, so soul) in something."
(it would be the same although it should be pronounced a follows). happy barentain they
"i hope i am remembering this correctly. primitive baptist are very calvinistic, they believe that god ha pre-destined some people to be saved and those people will be saved no matter what they do. therefore, the primitive baptist do not send out missionaries. baptist who believed in sending missionary left the primitive baptist church and formed missionary baptist churches."
"there are many reasons--but from my personal knowledge it is usually because they need to feel a sense of ""belonging"" or ""fitting in""--like a family. others just do it to make themselves look tough."
quit carrying the world on my shoulders. there's plenty of responsiblity to go around for everyone.
"""it is everything i like"" is probably a better fit than translation that use the word ""all"" which can have a subtly different meaning in english.. . (from a canadian who grew up in a french-speaking town.)"
"i live in daytona and it is warm in march during the day, but it doe cool down at night so the ocean is still cool. most northerner don't seem to mind, i see people out there in the water everyday even now."
"good question. there ia an explanation below, but i don't think it explains excactly why this name wa chosen."
"smelling is your first clue, but an over-ripe pineapple might still smell good. feeling it is your next option - and this is also how to test a melon - press your thumb into the side of the pineapple. you should be able to indent it just a tiny bit and it should ""bounce back"" when you release your finger. if it indent too much or actually leaf a mark, it's too ripe."
"they used indigenous plant like heneken, cotton, maguey.. . the woven good were made from cotton and maguey fibers. the ruler wore the cotton woven thing and the peasant had to use the maguey fiber. the peasant were not allowed to dress lavishly."
"a ""prophet"" speaks with a message from god. a ""psychic"" speaks with the message from other spirits, usually considered to be ""from the deep"" or ""from the dark realms."""
"because we are the nicest and most intelligent participants! :-). . honestly, i think it's because a lot of kid and teen have no interest in cooking and you get a bit of an older, dare i say, more mature crowd in here."
"i worked for a muslim for several year in the usa who still observed ramadan. it is a period where they renew themselves spiritually. it usually last about 30 day towards the end of our year and varies from year to year. the muslim have huge celebration at the end, exchanging gift and such, much like our christmas holiday."
"""well first you might ecept jesus into your heart ,stay in church and get baptize... "". . and look to jesus to send you the woman that he want you to have. in christ, sassy"
"""amchi"" is a marathi word. it can mean 'average' or 'normal'. marathi is an indian language spoken in the state of maharashtra."
"like the other answer a ""time served sentence"" is the time someone spends in jail awaiting a trial. the other answer left out that when a judge hand down this decision the prisoner is free to go. in other word he/she ha served enough time to satisfy the judge for the crime comitted."
"i've met people from different country and we are very much alike. she is liable to be more open and self assured than you might be used to, but she is still just a girl. relax and enjoy."
"it first depends on what skin color you are trying to paint. if the person is caucassion, i usually mix peach with a hint of brown and sometimes mix orange or another color to accent it. i usually mix my collors on a plastic pallet until i find the right color i'm looking for. then, i know what to use before i can start."
the illuminati founded and funded naacp tell them to be mad. this allows the banksters to further phony division to divide our country. divide and conquer is the game of the globalist banksters.
christmas!!! i enjoy wrapping gifts. i love to see the glow on my friends' face when they receive gifts. lastly it one occasion where i can kiss my crush without getting obvious.
"more people in le space.. . example in u.s. are city where single family home are being replaced by high-rises, apartment and loft and other multi-unit dwellings. the city (urban area) is becoming more (human)dense without expanding it land borders.. . growth without increasing density promotes urban sprawl -- the city spread out farther and farther, annexing more land."
"quiltedstones is a craft/art/sculpture of stone sliced into extremely small piece then fused together to make cabachons and bead to resemble quilt of geometrical designs. this type of art is known a . intarsia and the artist is john m. hickman, the 2005 inductee of the american master of stone."
depends on the state you are in. law vary.
"standard are important because it ensures that people can use the same component worldwide. for example, standard make sure that people who own camera can find the film they need for them anywhere around the globe."
"if you think that wa bad, imagine how it is for peruvians. the inca empire had the original rainbow flag, and for many people of that country the rainbow flag is the symbol of their native past. yet whenever they display it outside peru, people think they're gay.. . in fact gay copied their flag from that of the inca empire."
"the western or eastern? the western half fell from a combination of corruption, their condescending veiws of surrounding tribes, and the widespread use of non-roman soldier throughout the legions. the eastern half fell from it main source of conscript and possibly revenue a well being overran by the ottoman in asia minor, and it capital being sacked by formerly friendly crusading force who had stopped there on their way to an attempted retaking of jerusalem. this latter incident the never were able to fully recover from before the ottoman finished the task of overruning constantinople after a lengthy siege."
i use to feel like that when i wa young.i got some councilling although it's alway's going to be a work in progress.i feel great more day's than bad day's.. . don't go seeking for other people opions on who you are a an individual.you are unique don't forget that and lovable just the way you are.
they used to have elephant do the lifting. i think they use crane now.
"i suppose this ha something to do with the old wive's tale of fish being brain food? you can't abstain from using the brain, now can you? you've got to feed that thing something! hehe."
"in manhattan, south of ~112 street, you can walk around at any time, the city is very safe. obviously, don't be careless or flash money around, but you'll be fine. there are a few bad block here and there, like around tompkins square park late at night or around 14th street and the west side highway, but, overall, manhattan is very safe, you can walk around anytime day or night. i've even fallen asleep on subway late an night coming back from brooklyn to manhattan and have never had a problem."
"use large amount of duct tape, but be careful not to tape over body hair, it hurt when you pull it off. just a practical answer, of course."
the exact same way you chill any soda. put it in the frige or freezer or cooler. let it sit in the freezer for an hour or the fridge or cooler for 4 hour and it will be nice and cold
"like when an army man or marine man try to get guy to sign up for the army and the marine. also when a talent agent is looking for someone to model in a magazine or something. just remember - ""scouting"" is like ""searching"""
"sikh believe, they are the best and hence deserve the best in everything. in most case this is true to an extent. they are big hearted, brave and reckless. their two biggest shortcoming are however the tendency to show-off and being allowed to be controlled docilely by the religious leader of the day."
i think she learned the hard way that you can not say mast*rbation on here.... but you can be very graphic on death and distruction.. hahaha
"maybe there wa a particular point in your life when you decided that this wa the right path for you. perhaps you saw someone who looked like they could really use a hand and decided that you wanted to help people just like them.. . hope that make sense, i find that the best answer to those type of question are when people have a story around why they want to do something."
well they are indian too. this is called freedom of movement in your motherland. though shail is right.
"slavery wa accepted in biblical times--if not a a moral 'good', than at least not a a 'bad'. many beliefs, such a those involving homosexuality and the place of woman, vary by culture and time period. of course, a few belief have never varied, such a the belief that you shouldn't kill another person without cause. if the idea of 'good' is not completely fluid, you have to admit that there is at least some room for play in there."
"i think it ha to do with society. our society dictate to u what is masculine and feminine, what's acceptable and what's not, what's fat and skinny, and on and on. for some reason the american society ha dictated to u that ballet is feminine and therefore, guy are afraid of it becuase then they will be perceived a feminine or gay just because they are in ballet."
"i'm episcopalian and i think the different color cassock's depends upon what season of christ the church is celebrating. if i remember correctly from my youth, our pastor wore purple during lent or easter. i could be wrong though. maybe fr_chuck would be a better person to get the answer from."
oh just do it man. if you weren't supposed to the god would never have made it feel good.
"the country north of the equator are more developed than those in south america. that mean a lot more energy to turn on light on street and houses, even if le people are living in them, a is the case."
"not sure anyone can give an ""origin"" of a dish...sometimes they just are.. . but, you can read more on philippino cuisine below:"
"it's a transliteration of a hebrew word meaning ""my god."" transliteration mean that english letter are used to spell out the hebrew sounds.. . it's also the title of a hebrew song."
"because they're afraid of thinigs they don't understand, and are afraid to confront the way they feel. subconciously, they know they're wrong but they simply can't face that. so it make them angry. and since they'll never take that anger out on the real problem (their ignorance), they take it out on what they perceive is the problem (other races)."
"his work of art are amazing! in fact, we continue to discover the amazing work of michaelangelo. a new exhibit of his drawing is opening at the british museum in london."
"when you thought that you married the right person yet at the duration of the time you got married and lived together, you suddenly had a changed of heart. they say that you'll never know the real color or attitude of a person unless you'll live under one roof. at times, it might be painful to have divorce a the last resort but in the end, it still better than to make each other life miserable, if you stay while knowing that the relationship is already on it impending death."
it should work just like american address do. send it a you normally would.
"a if it were a passover meal. jesus wa crucified during passover afterall and he and his disciple were observing passover when jesus gave his ""this (bread) is my body. this (wine) is my blood. take of these and eat and drink of them in memory of me"" speech."
view all fact with an open-mind and do not let personal view get in the way. make sure that mathmatical equation are correct to support your answer and have your fellow student check your work a well a your teacher.
if you mean slovenia and it capital ljubljana it is pronounced:. . lyooblyanna
this is a difficult question that need to be addresed to the sibling involved. but if i had to take a guess i would say the reason would be too much pain and not enough love.. . people have different way to deal with death and their is no book to tell you how to feel when you lose the most precious people in you life such a your parent or your children. you know the detail of the situation your option are to seek spritual help from a minister of professional help from someone that specializes in help someone recover from a loss of this magnitude.. good luck
"mostly in textbook about history you don't see many blacks, so it's a way to bring their history forward. but, i see no reason to not to integrate all race into history instead of specifying a month for anyone. in the u we have seen the persecution of many race in and out of our country and this is a place where all of u should be recognized for our accomplishements equally."
"try driving it around with a for sale sign in the window or have a friend follow you to the nearest mall on a weekend. get a good parking spot, put your sign in the window, and ride home with your friend to wait for the phone call to start. good luck."
"yes, mapquest will give you all the information you need. it will even plan the road trip for you exactly, right down to every intersection and turn, which highways, which exit to take, etc. excellent website.. . good luck with sorting out your trip."
"well, philosophy is the base of other siences. but in ancient greek when philosopher take part in politics they started to think more about society, then they started to write article and book specially about perfect societies. ( like the party)"
the neolithic people did not preserve their art. their art wa preserve through nature's actions. the ice-age (the latter part) wa one of the primary reason for the preservation of neolithic art. not the neolithic man.
it doesn't rain everyday in england. it just ha that reputation. it actually rain more in your american city of seattle than it doe in england
"most of them already answered your question, the only thing you need is to ask yourself. do you really want to be like that? sophisticated?"
"a can of cream soup and a 1/2 cup of milk. mix burger,soup,and veggie in cassarole pan then put potato on top.you can sprinkle cheese on the potato if you like.put in oven @350 for 45min. take out and let sit 5min"
"you say you ""have to have paperwork to leave puerto rico"", but...leaving, to go where? doe your uncle have any form of photo identification? photo id (driver's license, etc.) is required for adult to travel, even within the contiguous united states."
intuition is gut.. it is that little voice.. conscience is societal. it is learned. conscience is associated with guilt and fear.
"attitude often determines behavior because it's your mindset, and you mindset may cause you to do certain things. you behavior doe not determine you attitude, however, because what you do doe not form what you were thinking at the time."
a death mask is like a moulding in plaster or wax of a person face after they have died. usually done for famous people to keep an image of them for museums. i seen several in a museum in dublin.
"structure designed by a. g. eiffel and erected in the champ-de-mars for the paris exposition of 1889. the tower is 984 ft (300 m) high and consists of an iron framework supported on four masonry piers, from which rise four column uniting to form one shaft. three platform at different height (the intermediate platform just above the junction of the column is 644 ft/196 m high) are reached by stair and elevators. on the top of the tower are a meteorological station, a wireless station, and a television transmission antenna."
"funnily enough, siamese cat are from siam, they are not found in ancient egypt. but seriously, the egyptian considered cat to be holy animals, they were sacred to the goddess bast and were mummified just like humans."
"instresting question lol you make it sound so complicated. 1+1=2, to me. stupd answer... :("
"skin color is related to the geographic area a human ha evolved in.people from tropical country have darker skin because they get much more sun,and do not need the excess vitamin d and other elements.people from colder climate have lighter skin so that they can get the most out of the sun and absorb more vitamin d,since sunlight is scarce in colder climates.. skin is only the outer layer of a person,it doe not make anyone better or lower,we are all equal child of god!"
i definatley agree with all the good points. the only bad point it the cost of living. it is very expensive (even by california standards) to live in the monterey area.
"you just go down to the bottom of the page and it will ask in a little box if you want to use your signature,check that box and it will prompt you to type your name or whatever signature you want to use. then just make sure that that box is checked when you are sending an e-mail. usually the signature box stay checked,so if you don't want to send your signature,uncheck the box. hope this helps!"
"folktale or ancient story which are often personified truth plus a lot of imagination. local hero turn into mighty god , wild ferocious animal into a mighty beast , date of event forgotten or donnt have much value. you may call mythology a study of confused history which untill we get substential proof are just tales."
"because not everyone is eager to learn everything about another's customs/traditions/religion. however, everyone is eager to perpetuate the myth about each other's customs/traditions/religion."
i thought that it wa invented by some hardee’s staff!?.
"wemon? i guess you mean women. well, they are a complex to men a men are unreasonable to women."
"very, very carefully. and probably silently. if it is really necessary to tell someone you believe they are doing wrong, you must accept the consequences: you may lose that friend."
the krups website ha instruction manual available for download in pdf format. see the link below.
"ladder are of much significance! it mean you will be going through multiple difficulty soon, but, you will ascend above it all. just don't walk under any ladder and avoid your responsibility and run away from and difficulties."
"only in strange situation you can expect to get immediate answer to your prayers, pal. yes, god always listens your prayers, and he know what you need, your problems, etc.. . he always want you to learn something from every situation, and he want to strengthen your faith."
the hole in the center of a donut is to ensure that it cook evenly and that you get the most crust. if there wa no hole the center would be doughy or by the time it wa cooked the outside would be like a brick. jelly filled are made from a yeast dough and cook more quickly.
"many of the user are not aware that this is an international forum.. . i know that is very sad, but true.. . i would hope that if they did, they would behave better."
"u shouldnt be too worried about that.. it not really that special . just enjoy the day with your friends. im in grade 12, and no valentine this year, and i dont care, ill just spend the day with my friend . it better to be single for vday, then to be with someone that u dont care about anyways"
"i think of beauty more on a level of what a person is on the inside rather then the out. if a person, place or thing make you feel and think nice thing then this is beauty."
total sale - all expenses(including taxes) = profit. . profit/ total sale = % of profit margin
find a teddy bear picture that you like and take it to a tattoo artist with you. simple!
ok smart@ss. we eat lot of piroshki. we drink lot of vodka. ha ha!
"life ha no meaning in itself, other than perhaps the basic biological meaning. however, what separate human from animal is our ability to create a meaning for ourselves, partly by our nature, partly by our upbringing, partly by our own free will."
"the old fashion way wais to use a spinning wheel, and pull cotton ball (or wool) out to a thin line, then spin it together until it becomes wound up. you can see a demonstration of this at many old tyme fairs, and re-creations.. . for info on the modern way see:"
berry that grow on bush that are called blueberry because they are blue. is that what you're asking?
"""eeyore wa of the opinion someone had taken his tail. in reality, it had gotten stuck on a bush. there is no evidence that christopher robin milne's stuffed eeyore ever lost it tail, but we also can't rule it out a an inspiration for this story."""
"treatment for social anxiety disorder involves psychological counseling and sometimes medication (such a antidepressants) to reduce associated anxiety and depression.. . a combination of medication and professional counseling is most effective for people who have generalized anxiety and fear over many social situations.4 for those who fear only one or a few social situation (such a public speaking or eating in front of others), professional counseling to overcome the fear may be all that is needed.2"
"what, to like you more than eggnog? you can't man! eggnog is the best!"
"""b"" is a letter, a building block to language.. . ""b"" is an innocenet creature, which protects itself with a nasty sting.. . ""b"" is to live."
watch it on tv! indonesian new movie won't take long time to be showed on tv.
"there are various ways. either berrys, root or bugs. beetle are still used today and are in many of the good you eat or drink. the fda will be requiring company to disclose this on their packaging in more detail."
"a disciple is one who follows a particular discipline, an apostle is ""one sent forth"". gospel say ""there wa a man sent by god"" this wa john the baptist. he wa in fact ""god's apostle, and jesus' 12 disciples, became the 12 apostle when he sent them to the city he planned to visit."
"get the half-sphere tray and freeze some water. when set, pop them out, wet the flat surfaces, and stick two half together to make a whole."
"becuz both of u are so smart that a regular human's brain would explode if it only began 2 think at half the capacity that we process under. that and your question is flawed because there will never be a definite answer to anything because there are always so many variables. example, 2+2=4 but this is only when we're working under a certain base. when asking what color the sky is, u have to realize what color really is and why we perceive color....etc."
"during war (i dont know which one) after combact, the rescue soldier used to go, site by site looking for injured or dead soldiers.. if no soldier wa killed they'd write on one wall 0k (zero killed). 1k=one killed. 2k= two killed. and so on.. so the slang stuck, because ""0k"" is definitely a good thing"
"i am a pianist myself and i studied and played many of his works. i think that his constant change of pattern and usage of alternating arpeggio reflect his ""classical"" training. he used such rhythm that were not exactlly bebop or swing. they were rather complicated and they showed the idea of bartok and other 20th century composer which were still bordering the edge of classical music."
... a headless smurf??. ... four fifth of a smurf???
"you really need to contact canada custom and immigration. this is not a question that can be very easily answered here a we don't know enough information about your case. you probably need to make contact with canadian immigration authority by phone and talk to a real person - if your command of english is not the best, have someone with you who understands english, or french, very well.. . good luck with it."
"in legal terms, ""common law"" refers to legal principle established by judge (in their written opinions) which have the effect of law (and can only be overridden by a higher appellate court or by the legislature). in marital terms, ""common law"" refers to the legal presumption that a man and wife who have cohabitated (lived together) and substantially established a life together are essentially married for all intent and purposes. this is now the law in only a minority of states. it wa designed to prevent the injustice that occurs when couple disband and the lack of formality cause one party to be cheated out of an equitable share of their joint possession and assets."
wait for a chinese to have a meal. sneak behind and grab the food so u can cook it.
name is just and identity of yourself. i you did not have a name i bet you would not be able to address anyone nor anyone could address you in perticular. it always nice to have a meaningful name so that the meaning reflects when someone call you.
"bad...even though my common sense told me in case emergency, i wa like ""oh, he owes his dealer and got his as kicked. i see"". and i'm a sweet girl too.. . my parent should have never raised me in that neighborhood..."
it is different in each state. in tx you can be licensed if you have a doctorate or masters. there are also other requirements.
"the jet stream usually blow over the pacific picking up moisture into seattle area. in the seattle are, condition are usually right to cause the water to condense. the actual amount of rain isn't that great in seattle it self, but they do have a lot of day of rain."
"are you perhaps thinking of the article written by rabbi yaakov asher sinclair? if so, look at the site below. it is one of the possible answers.. . if you are thinking of the 39 step picturized by alfred hitchcock in 1935, it wa written by john buchan in 1915 - the first in a series of 5 about captain richard hannay."
hi. bus or coach is probably the cheapest. also try the train or plane. check the links.
"you have mailbox to recieve your mail. for security reasons, the mail carrier don't deliver to your door unless you have a certified letter that need to be signed for. they are also ""timed"" on their routes."
i think you mistook this page to be home & garden... which is where your question belongs.. . thanks for the 2 points. again...
"there are many idea regarding the failure. i don't have the time to list them all.. . however, you might find some answer is the below listed websites.. . by the way, you sure ask a lot of questions."
"after you dip them in carmel or chocolate, stick them in the frezzer for three min. then put them in the fridge until compltey hard"
"basically, ""the purpose driven life"" say that all thing are controlled by god. mankind is just fulfilling it destiny. every person in the world ha a definite purpose in life and god will ensure that purpose is fulfilled.. . in my own opinion, i don't believe any of it."
"hmm, there's a frisch in my town. isnt that big boy?"
"bubble tea, pearl milk tea (chinese: 珍珠奶茶; pinyin: zhēnzhū nǎichá), or boba milk tea (波霸奶茶; bōbà nǎichá) is a tea beverage mixture with milk which includes ball of tapioca. originating in taiwan, it is especially popular in asia (taiwan, people's republic of china, hong kong, south korea, the philippines, and singapore) a well a europe, canada, and the united states. it is also known a black pearl tea or tapioca tea."
most rail pass have to be bought within 60 day of travel. the only way you can hold an air ticket is to go thru a consolidator.
"i think that it is a fascinating study on the many factor that cause various society to fail. jared diamond examines many interesting case study such a easter island, chatham island, montana and that of a viking settlement in greenland. he especially examines how environmental factor and the depletion of natural resource lead to societal failure."
"when you are truly happy, when you can not wait to get home to the person who is waiting for you, when you know that the person will defend you at all coast, when people can just look at you and tell that you are in love. there are so many thing i can go on forever, but you will know when the right person is by your side because you will feel full."
"actually, i hate watermelon and i'm a black a they come. many people enjoy watermelon, not just blacks. it's a stereotype just like the whole ""black people love fried chicken"" thing."
"acid deposition, form of precipitation (rain, snow, sleet, or hail) containing high level of sulfuric or nitric acid (ph below 5.5—5.6). produced when sulfur dioxide and various nitrogen oxide combine with atmospheric moisture, acid rain can contaminate drinking water, damage vegetation and aquatic life, and erode building and monuments. automobile exhaust and the burning of high-sulfur industrial fuel are thought to be the main causes, but natural sources, such a volcanic gas and forest fires, may also be significant. it ha been an increasingly serious problem since the 1950s, particularly in the ne united states, canada, and w europe, especially scandinavia."
"well, if you believe in 'evil eye' it can hurt you, i've heard that blue color is good for getting rid of that, also these jewel may help: sardius, carnelian and turquose.. there must be some word in your religion for these situations, just ask your rabbi, according to the movie 'fiddler on the roof' there is a prayer for everything."
"u can do it ocld turkey,. . be strong put those cigerette away and do what u have to do. i know they say that habit can be hard to break ,, i believe it's all in your had, if u really really want to stop u can and will do whatever it take to do so"
"have you ever watched the movie? they say it wa ""supposedly"" built buy irish men. from the bottom up..."
"her persona will be legendary--the long legs, big mouth and wild hair. but more importantly, tina turner created a unique style of rock 'n' roll. she ha made the same kind of contribution that every great musician from mozart to mayer have made--inspiring passion in and bringing pleasure to those of u who appreciate her music."
"aristotle ha an interesting take on this in his ""poetics."" he discus the idea of catharsis (which is a cleansing or purging flow of emotion that follows from watching a tragedy). he seems to imply that the act of watching tragic character on stage can potentially be helpful to an individual's conscience because it allows an individual to connect to and experience secondarily (via watching the play) the extraordinary action and circumstance of the characters. by being able to cleanse ourselves of feeling and emotion while watching a play instead of engaging in certain bad action in our every-day lives, we can prevent ourselves from commiting bad action because we leave with the feeling of already experiencing them and seeing their negative effects."
"in literary studies, the term 'transcendental universalist' often refers to poet such a emerson and dickinson, who believed that there wa a spark of divinity in all of creation, and that god/goodness/beauty, etc. could be found in absolutely everything in the world, both before and after death."
"i believe it is because people feel the need to believe in something. they need answer to the unexplained. and they need to feel that if something happens to them it is a result of some eerie fate, and not just something that happened just because."
"beethoven didn't use opium. people put opium in his food and drink and beethoven didn't know it. beethoven wa a demanding musician and people wanted to get rid of him, so they would put little amount of opium in his food and drink. over a period of time, it caught with him and he started to have symptom of mad man, crazy person, and due to the opium in his food and drink, he started to become deaf and started having neurological symptom too."
the author's name is mitch albom. here's more information on the book:
those are loaded questions. i won't answer them right now but i suggest you repost them again under correct category: sociology will give you the best answers.
"in chinese numerology, odd number represents luck and even is misfortune. in love 3 represents i love you and 3x3 is three more i love you a dozen mean the 12 heart of valentine"
"in alcoholic drinks, it reference the amount of sugar in the drink. most red wine are dry, meaning there is little or no sugar left. it is fermented out and turn to alcohol."
"a monologue (or monolog) is a speech by one person directly addressing an audience. an opening monologue is often a segment of stand up comedy, such a at the beginning of the tonight show."
"hard flour, or ""bread"" flour, is high in gluten and so form a certain toughness which hold it shape well once baked.. . soft flour is usually divided into cake flour, which is the lowest in gluten.. . all-purpose flour is a blended wheat flour with an intermediate gluten level which is marketed a an acceptable compromise for most household baking needs."
"""pseudo"" mean fake. so it would be fake reality, such a the so-called ""reality shows"" on tv."
"i made this all the time. you take a scoop of ice cream, cover it in crushed frosted flakes, then dip it into a deep fryer for one second. this make the outer part of the ice cream soft, but the crushed frosted flake add the crunch associated with fried food."
you can take air poped popcorn which ha some amount of cyclo-dextrines(what is in fabreze) and make a solution to marinate the meat in. you can also do the same with burnt toast but make your meat not very appetizing.
"to do what you wish at any time, but keeping in mind to aim for the desired consequence of the actions. anything anyone else say differently ha a religious or moral bias, and is fundamentally wrong."
there are med out there. you may use tums.
switch to all shortening instead of butter. if you want the buter taste use butter flavored shortening.
"the asian diet doe not include a lot of dairy product (it is estimated that some 90% of asian have some degree of lactose intolerance) and protein. it traditionally includes mainly vegetable and starches. so, although asian are height-challenged, they enjoy a longer lifespan than an average caucasian. (the japanese have one of the world's longest life expectancy (number 4 in the world) a opposed to american (who are #29)."
"josephus daniel (18 may 1862-15 january 1948) wa appointed secretary of the navy by president woodrow wilson in 1913. among his reform of the navy were inaugurating the practice of making 100 sailor from the fleet eligible for entrance into the naval academy, the introduction of woman into the service, and the abolishment of the officers' wine mess. from that time on, the strongest drink aboard navy ship could only be coffee and over the years, a cup of coffee became known a ""a cup of joe""."
the stand. the character development is fantastic. the story is epic.
for me i don't believe in curse. just pray to god for a reversal of your bad situation now = pray and pray
on the internet.check out that link. i found it for u.
i detest hooter if u are talking about the retraunt or if u are refering to the term use to mena breasts. i may be only 15 year old but i am smart enough to know that this is a mean of degrading women. i don't think it's right to put ppl on display. especially the way hooter go about it.
"omg, well, do liver ha a liver texture??, tongue is a meat that prepared properly is a gourmet dish, most of the time is cooked in a tomato sauce, with mushrooms, and capers. it taste just like any other fine meat. you wont recognize the texture at all, ok, but dont eat it anywhere, only at a specialized cook, if not it can get hard a rubber"
"the only way anything can be kosher is if the whole process of cooking, canning and storage of the product is approved by a rabbi. ie, keeping meat and cheese separate. separate sinks. etc"
"food that can sing. lol actually, it's a nickname that started in the south. basically, it's southern people's cooking. fried chicken, chitterlings, black eye peas, most part of the pig, greens,cornbread, etc."
"in a funeral home. the only problem is that whoever died probably isn't a christian, that mean you can't ""preach"" about anything very hopefull at one of those funerals... you could always lie and use the classic line ""they've gone on to a better place"" but in reality, if they weren't a christian, hell is'n a better place at all."
"luxembourg wa a duchy of belgium, also a french-speaking country. however, french is not the primary language; luxembourgish is, and both french and german are used for administrative/governmental purpose only, most likely due to it location between germany and france."
if u mean hiccups.. drink water.. breath in through ur mouth a lot . ??
the american money is the us$.. the turkish money is the turkish lira.
"i do and often. i have a roof over my head, food in my home, 2 car in my driveway, bill are paid, much much to be thankful for.. thank you for reminding me.. god bless you and keep you in his tender loving mercy.. thank you jesus for all you have done for me and my family."
go to your nearest market and purchase an apple pie. come home and place the pie in your own pie dish. place in 200* oven for 15 minutes.. ta da! homemade apple pie...
"i wonder about that too. maybe because with prostitution, the man is paying the woman for sex he will enjoy, but with porn, both the man and the womanor whatever the combo is) are being paid, and it is considered ""work"" for both of them."
"why do u require a change ? this is the first question you need to ask yourself . you are what you are , you only need to upgrade yourself with better knowledge and do away the bad habit and adjust and watch your behaviour...then you have changed yourself entirely for the better."
"meats;steaks,ribs,hamburg,ect.. dairy;milk,cheese,butter,ect.. gelatin:made from cow hide we also get jello yes that. yummy bill cosby desert is made from cows."
from what i've read there is a book about islam and author wanted to have some image in it but no one will accept to paint.. the newspaper held some kind of competition about who dare to draw a caricature of mohammad and paublished the result.. it seems that they have heard somethings about the islamic rule around drawing mohammad pics.
fresh fruit. it taste good & it's a healthy choice.
just warm the milk a little bit and then add a small piece of banana leaf.leave in a warm place.and volla....u have curd in the morning.!
"ooou i know i know..... . have you seen the ""south park"" where stan's dad and kenny's dad used to be best friend and then stan's dad went to college while kenny's dad got a job and married and moved into a trailer ... well, there's ton's of insight into poverty from that ""south park"" episode. you should watch it."
the most important thing in baking is to accurately measure your ingredients. a digital scale can be a great investment if you plan on doing a lot of baking. recipe in baking are exact formulas. the exact amount of ingredient are required because of the chemical reaction they cause with each other.
"bittersweet chocolate is most often used in baking and is the only chocolate that is unadulterated , that is doe not have any added sugar or milk products.. . unsweetened chocolate is usually a little sweeter than bittersweet but contains sugar, cocoa butter, lecithin and vanilla to bring out some of the sweet taste. it ha become a preferred chocolate for many chef who want to bring out the sweetness in their creations."
"because most opera were written by italians. besides, have you ever tried to listen to an opera in english? i'd rather listen in italian--at least then i have an excuse for not understanding it."
i hope these site help you. it depends where you are from. i'm english & a visa cost 10 gbp or 15 euros. you buy it at the visa desk at istanbul airport.
there are difference within the u and canada. a new yorker speaks differently from a texan and newfoundler speaks differently than a vancouverite.
"well, the oral history tradition ha been called into question a being based on solid facts, particularly since it's told from only one perspective. our oral history are but a tool in the study of history.. . but the reason why it work for tribe like the north american aboriginal is because historically, these were small, close-knit societies, often centred on the family units. larger society like those found in europe would've had difficulty in maintaining the uniformity of the oral history because of the larger population-size and variation in personality within the society which would increase opportunity for varied interpretation of a single event."
i am truly wondering where you have found this statistic? i have not seen that this is true in any sense
"boil water, throw in the rice and remove from heat (equal part water and rice). let sit covered..fluff w/fork."
"i don't know. however, in ""me talk pretty one day,"" a collection of essay by david sedaris, he indicates that his lisp wa indentified at a very young age. he wa made to attend speech classes, along with several other boy who enjoyed theater and were not athletically inclined.. . the young age at which this take place would indicate that it is not an ""affectation,"" but rather something that, for some, go hand in hand with being gay."
"i'm just drifting in the wind, so the answer is 'no.' at this age, it's not important in my life because i've too much other growing to do."
"1. often nirvana. a. buddhism the ineffable ultimate in which one ha attained disinterested wisdom and compassion.. b. hinduism emancipation from ignorance and the extinction of all attachment.. 2. an ideal condition of rest, harmony, stability, or joy."
"you have just read an extensive justification explained above.. . my belief is that joshua wa inspired by a false god, and he believed it because he wanted the land. yhwh would never have condoned killing, a it violates the commandments. (kill, murder, whatever, they're just a dead)."
the only thing you have to do is ask someone who is a mason for a petition to join. fill it out & give to a mason at the lodge you want to join.
"fuze energize. it doesn't have any caffeine in it. instead it's got ginseng, siberian guarana, vitamin b6, b12, c. you drink a bottle of that and an hour later you're like: ""let's all go for a jog!"" and it's not that twitchy, nervous energy you get with caffeine; it's more of an ""i ate my wheaties today"" energy."
"many time cupcake have some form of icing on top. cupcake are generally made just like small cakes, while muffin are made completely differently and are many time considered healthier. while muffin have many different variety (bran, cinnamon raisin, chocolate chip, carrot), cupcake usually have only the standard ""cake"" flavor (chocolate, vanilla, strawberry, lemon)."
"i don't know that there's a particular dress code, but a good rule of thumb is to always dress business formal. you can never be overdressed in business, but you certainly can be underdressed."
because the bible tell me it true.. . k
"there is no such thing a an ""american personality"", just a perception of one. it would be wrong to paint any culture negatively, french people are ""arrogant and smelly"", middle eastern culture is ""ignorant, cowardly and barbaric"", etc. you see where i am going with this. people are people no matter where you go, ignorance is what label them."
"vegetable oil can serve a number of role in a recipe, depending on how it is used. generally speaking, it will add fat, which will make the food taste better. if used in frying, it will help make whatever is being fried crispy. if used in baking, it will help the batter emulsify."
"baby carrot are young tender carrotes which are harvested before they reach thier full size and are usually more expensive. ""baby cut carrots"" are usually the ""rejects"" that are mechanically whittled down to a miniature size and therefor are not technically the same thing and have to be labeled a such."
i don't know. be a rebel. end your sentence with prepositions.
"the four letter tetragrammaton (greek, 'four letters') is the true name of the god of the hebrew scriptures. it pronunciation is considered to have great power, and is never spoken aloud, save for once a year, in the inner sanctuary of the temple during the rite of yom kippur. in written scripture, it is given the vowel marking and pronuciation of the word adonai, lord, leading to the common christian mispronunciation of the name a jehovah. in judaism, the tetragrammaton is commonly referred to a ""hashem,"" the name."
i think because this world ha become so materialistic and it how they were raised. i dont expect anything i would rather just have the person time!! it's a lot more memorable when you think about it.
flag are altered at the whimsy of royalty. see this site to back up this reply.
"give your self some time. think on your own. turn off the pc, radio what ever may interrupt your silence, lay down on your bed, look at your room, the walls, (there is a turkish phrase that the lion is known from it bed mean to know someone look at the place where he lives) your childhood pictures, and think about what make you happy, what make you sad, the relation with your friend and family, what are your needs, future plans, your hobbies. think these thing and keep a record of these thing and read them after a month or a year (this last one help you to find out how you changed)"
"if the goberment legalize the prostitution, they will reduce or increase their quarrels?. . ................. :d"
"holistic counselling belief all problem are inter-related: physically, mentally and spiritually. in order to solve problem you need to look at the whole being. a kleptomaniac may have problem at home, lost their spiritual way, dealing with peer pressure or financial woes... or all of the above. this is the fundamental difference between this and other pure form of psychology that have more narrow definition of cause and effect."
"start eating a lot of pizza for breakfast, lunch and dinner, and for all your snack session too. you should increased the amount of pizza you eat daily. add 1 more pizza to the amount you eat the day before. good luck, bro!"
"that question ha been around for years, the same go with cigarettes! and i dont have an answer for it!!"
"probably because of people like you who are so full of their own conviction that they must shove them down everybody's throat. i have yet to hear of atheist who have killed, maimed, tortured, stolen, invaded, forcfully converted a people in the name of the non-god a ha been done for hundred of year by the so called faithful who were spreading the truth! oh, and no thanks on the info. a madonna recently sang ""...i've heard it all before...."""
gelatin (jello is a brand of gelatin). . a more specific definition is: an edible jelly (sweet or pungent) made with gelatin and used a a dessert or salad base or a coating for food
"every man/human suffers in life, no matter who they are, from birth to death and once again when reincarnated. the only way to escape this suffering is to follow the buddha's eightfold path, which consists of right views, right intention, right speech, right action, right livelihood, right effort, right-mindedness, and right contemplation; ultimately in the path to enlightenment and nirvana, or escape from the cycle or rebirth and suffering."
"well, sometimes you can try out for a play at your college. you can take all the drama class and either get a minor in acting or a double major. also, when you finish school, you can get an agent."
"the magic variety were sold to jack at the fair, flung out the window by his angry dad, and overnight, grew into a magical beanstalk, which jack climbed to find a giant castle in the clouds. there wa 'fee-fi-fumming,' lot of running, and jack ent up with riches, the princess, the whole she-bang - until, of course, the gov't caught wind of a yeoman farmer getting rich and smacking one of their prized, giant hitman in the process. they flew over the farm in black hawk helicopters, torched the crop and the farm house, murdered jack and his family in their beds, raped the princess, and confiscated all the gold, which later they used to fund guerilla in south american, who likewise torched farms, killed families, and raped innocent girls. not a pretty story and one few will tell."
"a vice-royalty is the name given to the province or larger territory which a viceroy governs a a representative of the king or queen. it is often used in the form of ""the vice-royalty of la plata"" or ""the vice-royalty of mexico"".. also saw it used to refer to the time period in which a viceroy ruled, i.e. ""during his vice-royalty, he was..."" however, this wa a rare occurance and i question whether it's usage is correct or not.. (see definition source for more information)"
"look to those who have glimpsed beyond this reality, the one who have returned with a little more knowledge. when this ""reality"" ends, you will see that it wa just a dream."
"historian disagree. there are several ""valentines"" that various city like to say were the original because that is where they were from."
"economic stability, and a fairer distribution of wealth and power.. . won't solve everything - there are always fanatic - but it doe cut down drastically on the support that fanatic get."
"rasta, or the rastafari movement, is a religious movement that accepts haile selassie i, the former emperor of ethiopia, a king of kings, lord of lord and the lion of judah a jah (the rastafari name for god, from a shortened form of jehovah found in psalm 68:4 in the king james version of the bible), and part of the holy trinity. the name rastafari come from ra täfäri, the pre-coronation name of haile selassie i. the movement emerged in jamaica among working-class and peasant black people in the early 1930s, arising from an interpretation of biblical prophecy, black social and political aspirations, and the teaching of their prophet, jamaican black publicist and organiser marcus garvey, whose political and cultural vision helped inspire a new world view. the movement is sometimes called ""rastafarianism""; however, this is considered improper and offensive by rastas."
the common concept of race ha been proven invalid by genetic research and anthropological research. if you really want to know more take a introduction to anthropology course at a college or university.
no problem on the gold coast at all. stay between the flag if you can. any poisonious marine life is further up the coast. gold coast beach are gorgeous!
"there's not much hope. most mormon are ashamed of what their chuch really teach (as they well should be) and don't want other non-mormons to know how sick their cult is. however, they're not ashamed enough of these horrible thing to turn against them so what can you do? just try to make sure others who might be decieved by their lie know what mormonism really stand for, not the b the missionary tell them."
"familiars: usually an human/animal combo that is sent by the higher power to protect his/her charge. it is diffucult to tell whether or not your pet is one, but they will usually be more mild tempered and more patient. oh and knowsitall witch craft is not all bad and not always demon freindly, you can do protective summoning"
"they are pronounced the same, ""sah-kay"". when ordering salmon sushi, it is most commomly called ""shah-kay"", but either pronounciation is accepted. in ""kanji"" or chinese-style of writing, the two word are quite different."
"all bourbon is whiskey but all whiskey is not bourbon- all true bourbon come only from bourbon county , kentucky. -otherwise, it just whiskey. it the same for champagne-all true champagne come from the champagne region of france-otherwise, it just sparkling wine."
"i think it mean to be humble and not walk around with a prideful look on your face. some woman think they are a goddess and everyone should look at them..they attract attention to themselves, so people can admire them,. i think shamefaced mean the opposite, that you don't see anything special in your self that deserves more attention than others."
"basically, it's a present - a product marketed a a gift for business relation (corporate logo), family, friend etc. . . it can be anything - giftvouchers, mugs, vases, hats, flower - the moment you're considering buying a product a a gift, it becomes an 'kadoartikel' or 'cadeauartikel'."
"it not baked long enough. lower the temp and bake longer. dont take it out of the pan right away either, the heat of the pan will keep baking it for a couple of minute fter it come out."
deja vu is when you have a feeling that you've done this or been to this place before. go to the site below to learn more.
"the nutcracker is the full music for the ballet. the nutcracker suite is an abridgment, a shortened version primarily for performance by an orchestra without the ballet.. (the phrase ""the nutcracker"" can of course also refer to the ballet itself, or the underlying story the ballet is based on.)"
"i still don't understand why some people feel that violence is warrented or acceptable a a form of protest. it wa a cartoon, sure it wa offensive but isn't a violent reaction more so? muslim are always complaining about being painted with a broad brush of being violent. how is this helping to dispurse that stereotype?"
"this is an obvious parallel with the common creationist argument ""if we came from monkeys, why are there still monkeys?"" i hope that all of the answerer who are creationists realise their error now."
"beef infused with colby cheese.... . . actually it's called ""kobe beef"""
"yes, you need to make sure to get enough sleep at night. if you need some extra energy during work, try putting on some music if you're allowed to. don't eat fatty or very sugary food because those can wear you down."
"the quality of ""which"" that is contained in the question ""why?"" is ""wh"". :-d"
"hmmm, make lot of money or win the lottery. you could have a rich relative pas away and leave you a huge inheritance other than that i have no idea."
"the 1911 revolution wa actually a military revolt at it heart. the dynasty wanted to consolidate it power by replacing regional governor who were seen a corrupt with military commander who were seen a more reliable. of course, the commander decided they wanted their share of the taxes, and it got out of hand."
"islam give much importance to prophet and not god. drawing the picture of allah is not good, becasue god is incomprehensible. but drawing the picture of a prophet, there is nothing wrong in it.but it should keep the ethiquate. it should not hurt any body."
"hmmm...good question. i don't know, but seems like my friend love to drive into johor bahru for supper, or during weekend for food. they are still alive & very much in love with the food there."
"'sudh' (or sudhi) in a way mean purification.. restoration, bringing back from a state of impurity . also.. ""su"" is more like a prefix usually .. denoting positive or good feature.. dheer is something like being calm, being patient (as in serene).. thus indicating intelligence... . sudhir mean scholar'ly, intelligent.. basically with someone with his head between shoulder n is cool.... . look up for names/ words/ term"
put the cooky back into the fridge until they firm up before baking. also try making them thicker.
"scenewhores come in many flavors, with the two major one being defined in the article listed below. these are called the scenester and the hack_scenewhore.. i am too old to run into too many of the first type, but old enough to have met several of the latter."
doesn't seem any one can help you. let's go ahead and close this question out.
"a better translation is: ""an unexamined life is not worth living."" by that he mean if you don't review your experience and try to learn from them, you won't grow in wisdom. without that examination, you are little more than an animal, just surviving day to day."
"upper egypt (the part of egypt lying south of cairo) lie higher above see level than lower egypt (the delta, north of egypt, where the nile branch out to the mediterranean). the nile flow from south to north because the land is lower in the north."
"when i wa of the world, i thought it wa based on how much money i had, how many people feared(respected) me, how many woman i could get, how much stuff i owned, how much control over others i had, when i reached the top and had everything i ever wanted and wa the person i always wanted to be...it wa there that i realized i had nothing, i wa nothing. the measurement is based on how much of my selfishness and the world is still in me compared to how much of jesus christ is in me."
you do each other.. typically. explore one another. pack a lunch.
take a train. it'll cost you anywhere from 26 euro to 48 euro and will take around 3 hours. cost and time taken depends upon what type of train you take and which class you sit in.
i would guess that they buried it or disposed of it someplace. i would like to know where in the bible it talk of the jewish law you are speaking of. if you could add the verse/s in the additional detail area. i would like to learn more about that.
"use your imagination. christan music can be played with any instrument. loud, fast, slow, quiet, simple, complex. a long a it is glorifying to god."
"are you sure you're going to the right section?. there are three section on the home page. at the top are open question that you can answer, the middle section are resolved question that you can rate, and in the bottom section are undecided question that you can vote for a best answer.. it sound like you're going to the bottom section."
"a general realization that is wasn't working. people didn't stop drinking. drunk still beat their wives, drove into crowds, spent the rent money on booze; it just cost more and the profit went to gangsters, not an honest winemonger or a hard-working brewer."
what are your values? focus on them. plan your day around them instead of to do lists. listen to up-beat music and read/listen to positive people.
"of course, you can also be allergic to some kind of fruits! why dont you ask your doctor to make some food-allergy tests?"
"i say ""sorry, i'm just not interested, but thanks for asking."" i prefer people i ask out turn me down right then than play games, etc."
because many time we know the answer but we need others to confirm what we already know to be true -- - many time we need to tell u that what we are feeling is true. . don't you feel like that sometimes??
"look at modern religious tomes, most of what is in there is just re-worked fable from greek mythology. when you study it not only do you see that but you can understand better where some word and phrase today come from. nike isn't just a word someone invented for those shoe you know."
the community can only be changed one person at a time. go out into the street (with a friend) and ask them what stereotype they have on the latin american community. then ask them why. then tell them all the way that this stereotype is incorrect.
"they have several tasks:. help in the personell selection and integration process.. stablish health profile in term of how many work hour every one is putting in, how much stress they are enduring... that sort of things.. they help to improve organizational communication, across section and even among employees.. they help (or should help) to develop the basic role of every position in the company."
"the antichrist, a already answered by some, is someone who doe not accept that christ is the one sent to take away the sin of the world .it can mean anyone who stand in opposition to christ and his purpose of redemption.but also can stand for some one who is a substitute christ,a false christ, a deciever .there have been many antichrist in the the sense ,one. who's belief are contrary to the written word of god,are antichrist .there is one comeing who is the embodement of all the opposition personifed in bodily form ,claiming he is christ.this is segnificant in the sense he will claim to be the christ the jew have been looking for.the bible say he would decieve even the very elect if it were possible.he evedently will be very persuasive and awesome person in appearance,even to the point ,people will desire to worship him.jesus said ,i come in my father name and you recieve me not.there is one comeing in his own name , him you will recieve .just a there is a holy trinity, there is an unholy trinity whose purpose is to destroy humanity and to take them with him to hell to spite god ."
obviously you've been sent here to be an example to the rest of us. :p
simple answer is nothing you are going to bring a proof or say is going to do it! you can bring in ream of factual evidence and they aren't going to change their mind! just ignore it and refuse to discus it and they will get the point.
"because people are ""silly."". . also, they are morons."
"you can buy the canned nopales, just rinse very well. add chopped onion, tomato, and jalapeño, salt, drip of olive oil, a drip of balsamic vinegar (optional-but give it a good taste)a pinch of dried oregano and your done."
nice to see other reformed people online. :-) robin gave a good answer on covenant theology.
"if you buy quality meat, you will not have to tenderize it!. but if you must, please stay away from chemical tenderizers! some people (and you may not know your guest that well), are very allergic to them. just use the good old fashioned meat mallet."
people celebrate african american history in febuary because of slavery and all the thing we had to go through.so we can have something to look back at and see where we came from. so other race can see how much we have achieved over the years.
"taste preferences, mostly. coffee is made from bean and tea is made from a blend of herb and spices. coffee ha twice the caffeine a tea (in general) although decaffeinated variety of both exist."
i think the usa is in america and the greek are in greece. dont quote me though ;)
hi.... it is actually really easy to make tomatoe juice at home... you can blend them together in a food proccessor.. and put it in a sieve ..so that you have a equale structure of the juice.. add a little salt and tabasco(jsut a little) sauce to it and it is ready to drink :). . have fun
"""a huge (enormous) kiss"". . a big kiss would be ""un beso grande"""
"god, we do enough torture to our body for guys! push-up bras, tight dresses, tight shoes, makeup, deodorant, perfume--not to mention the unmentionable! what do guy do--shower, s---, and shave."
"personally i think the reason why priest are ""picked on"" so much is because the catholic church is the closest to the ""right"" church that practice the true belief in god. so they are a threat to satan."
"it doens't contain any carbohydrates. the sugar it uses, sucralose, is not digestable in humans. it can also cause diarrhea if you aren't careful! i personally think it taste nasty and prefer regular old diet coke."
"mardi gras refers to a specific day (""fat tuesday""), the day before lent begin (""ash wednesday""). it's associated with new orleans.. . carnival is a celebration that occurs in the week leading up to lent, but ha no specific date attached to it. it's associated with latin and italian cultures."
"i'm convinced it is to live more simply. in other words, quite worrying about accumulating stuff, and start worrying about strengthening the bond of the relationship with the people that you love. we've gotten too obsessed with the pursuit of wealth and lost sight of the thing that are really important like spirituality, our families, our souls, etc..."
"someone who you can't see, but doe a crime (i.e. a computer hacker)"
"latin is it origin. uni- from the word unus, meaning one, and verse from the vord versat, meaning to turn."
do you mean the psychological definition of communication?. i don't know.
"in the 70s, when the miniskirt wa in fashion, inflation wa at an all time high. any connection?"
"mix a package of dream whip with a little le than half a package of chocolate pudding. add milk a little at a time and then beat until it's the desired consistency (about 1.5 cup doe it, i think). it's really like and fluffy and tasty..."
"when you first get one, it will be a little raised and puffy--that part of your body is reacting to the ink. after a few day the swelling will go down and then a time passes, it will be smooth and completely flush with the rest of your skin."
"the beating of the egg white cause air, in the form of tiny bubbles, to be trapped in the egg foam; a the soufflé bakes, the air expands, causing the soufflé to puff dramatically. when the soufflé cools, the air contracts, making the soufflé fall."
"it is latin and mean ""let u love our own,"" not our love. amemus is a verb, not a noun."
"when something cold touch the roof of your mouth on a hot day, it trigger a cold headache. the cause is a dilation of blood vessel in the head. the dilation may be caused by a nerve center located above the roof of your mouth -- when this nerve center get cold, it seems to over-react and try to heat your brain."
"just type ""iceland weather"" into the little yahoo search box in the upper right corner of your screen and click on the first result.. . apparently, right now it's 48 degree fahrenheit with light rain in reykjavik, iceland."
nut grows on trees. legume grows underground. peanut are the best example.
"you may be looking for the book. ""and lady of the club"" by helen hooven santmyer"
god can forgive enyone enything except blaspamhy of the holy spirit which mean forsakeing or denying the holy spirit. which mean a non beliefe in god/the holy sprite. you undertand.
give your life to jesus! with him all thing are possible. visit your nearest victory outreach church and youll see im not just saying this out of cliche. million of life all around the globe have been impacted by the power of god and supernaturally have become functioning member of society
"because a lie can be shaped to sound so perfectly and honesty is the truth, which is constant, and cannot be changed without being true. you fear that someone will be angry or not accept you after you tell them the truth, because it could hurt them. but the truth is always much better, lie just make it worse because they find out anyway."
you may not be deep frying it. when it is cooked in a skillet it usually doesn't get a crunchy a when deep fried.
"i can sum every answer you'll ever get up to this, to learn. and it depends on what you call bad, remember an opinion is just that an opinion. never judge others by yourself but by who they are."
"an extremist is one who advocate or resort to measure beyond the norm, especially in politics.. . terrorist are extremists. instead of dealing with issue in a normal fashion, they take it to the extreme."
"you know this ha been asked over 500 time here? did you know there is a search feature here?. . also, what on earth doe this have to do with sociology?"
"there is no such language a mexican, but s-p-a-n-i-s-h. try looking online, like google. or perhaps border of barnes && noble have a great selection of learner's guides."
"in a culture where living life and personal safety have the highest value, how else would you convince people to put their life on the line for saving the rest of the society?. the police and fire fighter are not getting paid a ton of money so the potential candidate need to be persuaded to perform these job by other means.. we’ll call you hero ,brave and all sort of neat thing if you agree to do these jobs!"
"almond bark is simply chocolate and almonds.. . melt chocolate, mix in almonds, then spread in a foil lined pan. after it hardens break into irregular shaped pieces."
"our spirits. that is the one thing that make u different from animals. we may not be more intelligent, but we can love."
"lot of farmers, very small village (only two streets) . surrounded by land and woods. at the moment al covered under a white snow coat."
"simple . i like bob, bob doe something wrong – i say poor bob, he had a bad childhood.. . i do not like tom, tom doe the same thing that bob did – i say, tom have always been a bad bad person."
"the roman's were exposed to much of greek culture from the greek colony found on the italian peninsula known a magna graecia. although their religion probably didn't come from the greek pantheon, but rather from the etruscan who ruled over the roman for century before being overthrown. the etruscan and greek had quite a bit of interaction. in fact, most of what is known about etruscan culture is from greek writing condemning them for their immoral and decadent behavior."
they're for baby to suck milk through them out of the mother breast.... . ... but in reality they're for u fella to suck on ;-}
ulam approach. mcdonalds prioritize their burger and fries.... hindi pwedeng ulamin.. . you will be surprised to know how much extra rice is being ordered in jollibee.
it depends on what you consider water warm enough to in which to swim! the gulf water will be in the low to mid 70's.
"gently poke with a knife the three indention to find the softest one, then poke all the way through and drain the liquid. use 2 or 3 plastic shopping bag and take it outside and whack it against a large rock or brick. it will break into pieces."
because they don't have a clew mary can't intercede on anyone's behalf either only jesus can do that catholic fix the bible to suit there own need hale mary full of grace? whats that jesus said pray like this our father who art in heaven you know the rest
"y? where are u from from? want it freshly delivered? well via airplane, send it via cargo there if u want to send real flower that is...if only e-card flower cheapest way is thru internet"
"becuase argentina is a country of immigrants, mainly from italy (where the tarantela is from) and from spain.. . unlike most of it neighboring countries, argentina's population overwhelmingly descends from europeans. argentine are a fusion of group of various national and ethnic origins, the most predominant of these being the descendant of spanish (settlers from both the colonial era and 19th and early 20th century) and italian (19th and early 20th century) immigrants."
"first, take a good long look at yourself at the mirror and say, ""this time i'll make it good"". then, sit comfortably, get a magazine, push push push and release the tension. aahhhhh enjoy life!!!!"
it called a rib roast i beleive. prime rib with out the bones.
"it's on woodward in downtown detroit. depending on where you are coming from.... from the west.. take 94.. from the south or north 75. myself, if you are coming from the west, i'd take mich ave. until you get to woodward"
"""aslan"" mean ""loin"" in turkish.. btw, it is also a town in on of the post-soviet republics, where terrorist took hostage in a scholl few year ago. of course that ha nothing ot do with narnia.."
"the ""taint"" is so called because it t'aint your as and t'aint your balls, but the space in between each. in medical terminology, it is the perineum."
thats just a state of mind. go deeper and you'll find something.
"during the napoleonic wars. at first, russia wa an allie of the french and napoleon turned on them."
"prejudice is passed from one generation to the next. some people just think that life will be difficult for people who cross cultural lines. some african american frown on ""mixed marriages"" a they feel they weaken their own culture. ignore people who see ""color"" rather than people."
"business manager. he protects her, bail her out of jail, and get her set up, teach her the business, manages the business affairs, etc."
"you'll need a time machine.... . it's the same a i gather the u has. buy your partner some overpriced chocolate and wilting flowers, then drive to a restaraunt you don't even like, but is ""posh"", then be in awe of their generosity a they have only doubled their prices, when they could have tripled them. of course, hallmark are on hand to provide a compressed cellulose expression of the emotion of somebody in the design department, which is so dripping it could provide water for a small village."
it's a large entertainment/retail centre in the outskirt of toronto. about 5 mile from the airport
austria you mean ? is there an austrian embassy or consulate in ireland where you could find the info ? or else go to the irish embassy : they will tell you how to proceed.
i'd just tell him flat out. i prefer that folk tell me!
"i would yes, go to audition and also i would search on the internet for people needing backup singers, or you could seriously take voice lesson that way you would be really good. you could be a part of making the band, agent always watch the people that get kkicked off of the show. hope this helped, :)"
"nadia pretty much had it right. ""al-lah"" is arabic for ""the god."" arabic-speaking jew and christian also pray to allah. the difference is that muslim routinely pray in arabic, no matter what their native language, just a jew pray in hebrew and catholic used to hold mass in latin."
"originally the word “hot” is used a a way to describe a high temperature. yet, the use of it can also be when describing something is “hot” a in (like you said) chilies. however, in that instance you could very well use other, le confusing word like, “spicy,” “zesty,“ peppery,“ etc… the distinction between the use of the word will ultimately revolve around it’s context use in a sentence. that will determine how the word should be perceived."
it's a security measure. you can tell if the bottle ha been opened. this is especially helpful in country where it is unsafe to drink the water and bottled water is healthiest. i've seen place try to refill bottle filled with tap water before.
"'mob mentality' is the social drive that compells the individual to act a the mass do. it is also known a the 'hive mind' trait.. it happens when individual accept to be led by information that wa given to them without questioning it.. (recent example: attitude of u people v iran, they were told that iran want that and that and they believe it even though there's no evidence of anything, they were told why it's bad but not why it's good)"
"the first answer is completely correct. baking cocoa is the name of a type of cocoa. while it's true you can use regular cocoa to bake with, if a recipe call for baking cocoa, it's because they want you to use unsweetened cocoa. typically the recipe compensates in other area and the use of sweetened cocoa with the recipe would make it too sweet."
"give her the points. the site is excellent. however know that this a a federal offense, a distilled product are not legal for private individuals. be prepared to have someone bash in your door at 3 o’clock in the morning."
"contact local newspapers, radio station and television station to see if they can supply you with a public service announcement. you might have to talk to the marketing director or some similar position."
"cause they need to get some.. . i.e. get some gas, get some water, get some room, get some dwi, get some cam, get some power steering, get some beige, some water get, water some get, water get some, some get water................."
"an ale is fermented with top fermenting yeast, typically fermented at warmer temp than lagers. lager are fermented with bottom fermented yeast, and fermented at lower temps, usually ha a cleaner taste. stout are a style of beer that could be either lager or ale, usually mae with dark roasted malts."
same reason large school bus don't. it's a financial loss for the transit companies.
no he isn't guilty only when he didn't know this for real wich mean that he ha a clear and honest conscience..if he did know for himself but wa trying to bend the truth in order to get away.. . then he would be guilty even though according to man's justice he wouldn't be guilty he is in fact guilty.
it allows the jug to expand when frozen. many people who use a lot of milk buy it in bulk and store it in a deep freezer. the milk need room to expand a it freezes. the button pop out so the jug doesn't bust.
because islam isnt a religion of peace. it is a religion of violence and terrorism.
"i wa always taught that you are here to know, love and serve god. there are many way to do this. being a good decent person and compassionate to others is a good start."
"it mean that you live in the accomadation a you would at home (ie you do all the cooking and cleaning yourself). you provide yourself, your clothes, and the food you require for the duration of the stay. generally all the equipment you need (kitching & dining utensils, bedding, towel etc) are provided you in your chosen accomadation.. . this can be more economical if you are a holidaying a a family or going away for a long period (a week or more) anything le and a guest house or hotel is best."
"esse est percipi.. . berkeley theorized is we can only directly know sensation and idea of objects, not abstractions.. . i'm not sure about direct and indirect, though. could it be proprioception is indirect perception because it is ""felt"" (i feel hungry, for instance) and exteroception is direct since it is what we experience with our senses?"
"this ""obsession"" ha been part of western culture since ancient greece. it's worse today thanks to modern inventions. like television,so now we can get bombarded with image of. beautiful people.. a big slick point out,sex sells."
to make life good or better for the other people who share the planet with you.... . some people forget that..
black buddha is call black because he is. look at the old pictires of him their are some from india. also notice his hair.
the same way men go poop. the toilet have suction to pull the stuff away from their bodies.. . check out the following link for more info.
"you most definetily need russian to travel anywhere in the former soviet union. mostly people don't speak english (except baltic states), but all of them understand russian, even if they don't like to admit it. a everywhere else, people like to take advantage of tourists, so i would keep money and valuable hidden and be alert."
"there is not any one function. public art is most often used to preserve history, but it can also be used to keep young mind open and expose people to thing they would otherwise not be able to see. sometimes public art can be just for decoration to make a formerly drab place seem more cheery."
"this expression often come with 'strictly' - e.g. 'this plan is strictly for the birds' and it mean that it is useless, worth nothing."
this is a question only you can answer. each of u are brought into this world to learn and easch ha our own path so listen to your consious and pay attention to the situation that come into your life..wspecially the situation that keep comming back on you time and time again.
"see the nutrition fact label & look for calorie ___& then multiply that by the number of serving you used. the nutrition fact label also tell you what is one serving (ie one cup, half the box, etc) and if you used the whole thing then just multiply the number of calorie per serving by the number of serving listed on nutrition fact label (sometimes product have ""contains about 8 servings""or simply ""8 servings"""
"on a birth certificate in hawaii, parent fill in their ethnicity. it is not like the continental u.s. where you check a box. the ethnic diversity is so great in hawaii that checking a box to indicate ""white, black, hispanic, asian/pacific islander or other"" would not suffice. the blood quantum of each ethnic group is not addressed."
"typrically, it consists of fresh tomatoes, not necessariy a sauce, but more of a dice. fresh basil, garlic, and olive oil are the other ingredients. often served over angel hair, or capellini."
"something sentimental. . since you have been together for so long, he doesn't need to be impressed with expensive gifts. give him something where he know some thought wa put into it."
it all depends what you mean by sucking at life. you may just be going through a rough time right now and maybe you just haven't found the right place for you yet keep looking you'll find what your good at and then you won't find you suck at life anymore.
"you mean nursing a baby right? it ha no affect, the only thing is to take out the ring before you feed and always make sure that you clean before and after you feed and then clean the ring before you stick it back in."
"a it refers to personal happiness and the pursuit thereof, it certainly differs from person to person. but traditionally, it ha referred to the level of economic success wherein a person could afford to do such thing a support oneself without government assistance, retire at a reasonable age with a comfortable lifestyle, and especially, own one's own home. many politician even refer to home ownership a ""the american dream."" btw, i would also now add ""send one's kid to college"" to the mix, since more and more people are viewing a college education a a minimum requirement for economic success."
vomiting and diarrhea are a group of symptom that may be caused by many different things. probably the most common would be a good old fashioned intestinal virus.
"it's because the church are new or because they are home church and haven't asked for their tax deduction yet. praise god for america, where we can build new churches."
"actually, they are the same thing. people in different part of the world use different name for them. generally the british word is porridge and the u word is oatmeal.. . the website i've attached give lot of similar example - the uk term and the u term for the same thing."
jam is an unfiltered jelly. it still ha peices of fruit and seed in it. jam will citrus fruit peel is called marmalade. jelly is jam that ha been filtered to remove pulp and make it clear.
"you would have to get to dublin first, but once there you can take the dublin tour bus which stop at the brewery itself. you can then visit the 'storehouse' which is pretty cool, you end up at the gravity bar to enjoy a 360-degree view over the city and a pint of the black stuff."
"the concept of mindfulness ha a long lineage, dating back more than 2500 years, and writing in sdt have discussed the importance of this, and related quality of consciousness for behavioral self-regulation and well-being. mindfulness is an open or receptive awareness of and attention to what is taking place in the present. the construct ha been operationalized in dispositional term by the mindful attention awareness scale (maas), a 15-item self-report instrument with a single factor. the scale ha been validated in college, working adult, and cancer patient population"
feel good about yourself. set goal and keep trying to achieve them.
where is harold's chicken shack? the below link might help.
"parboiled rice is produced by a process of soaking, pressure steaming and drying prior to milling. this modifiles the starch and permit the retention of much of the natural vitamin and mineral in kernels. the rice is usually slightly yellowish, although the colour largely fade after cooking."
"people are insecure and fight so hard to compete, fit in and live up to the expectation of our society. deep down they don't really love themselves. they project a false image based on what they think society want them to be."
"diddy-what is left of the famous music artist's name, which started a sean ""puffy"" comb and went from p. diddy to plain diddy, because, according to sean, ""the p wa getting between me and my fans."". bopper-is a male/female that want to b on the scene with you jus bcuz of who u r"
you can substitute any nut liquor like frangelico. or you can add a small amount of rum and a little almond extract.
the bible say to think about what ha been give to you. if apply to you or not. there prophit out that are indeed prophtic but a human they miss. alway go to pray about what some told them.
it's a place to appreciate the beauty of art. it's also a place to preserve historical work so our future generation can see and learn from them.
"the opposite of unreal.. . 1 : of or relating to fixed, permanent, or immovable thing (as land or tenements). 2 a : not artificial, fraudulent, illusory, or apparent : genuine <real gold>; also : being precisely what the name implies <a real professional> b (1) : occurring in fact <a story of real life> (2) : of or relating to practical or everyday concern or activity <left school to live in the real world> (3) : existing a a physical entity and having property that deviate from an ideal, law, or standard <a real gas> -- compare ideal 3b c : having objective independent existence <unable to believe that what he saw wa real> d : fundamental, essential e (1) : belonging to or having element or component that belong to the set of real number <the real root of an equation> <a real matrix> (2) : concerned with or containing real number <real analysis> (3) : real-valued <real variable> f : measured by purchasing power <real income> <real dollars> g : complete, utter <a real fiasco>"
"hmm, do you mean like the key of g ha one sharp = f sharp?. you can just google ""circle of fifths"". that'll help you find which key ha what flat or sharp"
i want to know if you mean (maared) is a huge devil.. if you mean (mareed) it's someone is sick
art musemums r where u find each generation idea of living. every class of our humanity is shown to pas on to the next generation.
"you would have to trade your produced product directly which would of course undermine capitalism but i suppose that's what you want to do. money ha it's good side though, for example, if you made airplane part then the only people you could trade with are people who need airplane part or know how to make a profitable trade. the bad part about this is that you'd have to trade until you got something that the people who have something you need want."
"prayer is the soul's sincere desire, uttered or unexpressed. --anon"
"that's a good question - i think it depends on the person. for me, it usually take spending some time alone, going somewhere that's inspiring: the ocean, a park, a museum, even people-watching at a coffee shop. let your mind wander, remember, create."
the irish are latin rite catholic just like most others of the western world. there is no actual difference. people who say that are telling you about their religious and ethnic affiliation.
"because man, life would be easier if i wa brad pitt...or jack sparrow, or spiderman! yea."
"mehndi is a art of using henna to decorate your body. it is predominatly found in ceremony in india, north africa, egypt, and part of the middle east"
it is not the procrustean theory but a procrustean theory. a procrustean theory is any political or sociological theory which is modified to fit the situation.
"i don't know if it a proverb or a saying , but the thing i most live by is 'live and let live'. work for me every time!"
"the best way to find out the answer is to read it. if you want u to do your homework, this will not benefit you in any way. the reason why people have been reading the republic for so long is because it is so valuable. do yourself a favor and read and try to understand it yourself."
"three white feather symbolize cowardice. maybe three white feather are death? unholy trinity? go to google and type in ""feathers - symbolism""?"
"sometimes pushing ourselves too hard is a mistake. if you listen to your heart and trust your instincts, maybe you don't need courage. another thought i have is don't forget the importance of support from people who understand. most of u can't do it alone."
"the best way to find out is to find a corporation that offer sponsorship and apply. you can try your local chapter of volunteer of america, or volunteer match. there are several agency that can work with you.. . place like target have application on line for you to fill out."
"they are full of saturated fat, which is the kind that clog your arteries. also, it ha been recently discovered that potato chip are worse for your teeth than sugar a far a decay. it's ok to eat chips, just eat in moderation and brush your teeth."
"there is only one: sexual attraction to the same sex. other than that homosexual come in all shapes, sizes, colors, masulinities/femininities etc."
"because in africa where there is a lot of famine, the larger woman are a sign of health and wealth. i asked a couple black guy friend at work, one from africa.. . besides that, there is more cushion for the pushing.."
"it depends on what context you're talking about. but in any relationship, romantic or just a friendship, trust is always an important thing to maintain. it's easy to lose someone's trust, but not easy to earn it back."
"my exhusband anthony, he wa very organized on how he stalked me, in the morning, afternoon and evening. when i walked out of the house in the morning he would be sitting on the porch, he would be at my job outside on my lunch break and he would just so happened to be driving down the street when i maded home from work. now tell me that is not organized stalking, he had to organize his day around me. that is why i organized the divorce paper and filed then."
fly jet blue you can usually get airfare from $69 each way. i go all the time from florida to ny
"just remember when someone asks if you ""earned your [mardi gras] beads"" they want to know if you know anything about oral tradition <wink! wink! nudge! nudge!>"
"if my memory serf me, he had a friend who he ran errand for (like delivering package with content that were undisclosed to him). then when they got caught magwitch wa laid to blame because he wa seen by the public always running about with suspicious person and such.. his friend wa put in prison a well but his sentence wa not a long. hope that's what you were looking for."
"in the gambia, the dry season is from november to may with average temperature around 21-27c and the harmattan wind keeping the humidity low. the rainy season is from june to october with high humidity and average temperature around 26-32c."
"mainly because of poverty. just to make both end meet, child were forced to work despite young age."
i think the reason is because of their members. *laughing hysterically*
"i agree with overlyfriend, your supposes to love your enemies, pray for those who despitefuly use you. return good for evil. and by the way, the bible say that if you call anyone a fool, you are in danger of hell fire. so what we really should do is pray for them."
"good interior design is about identifying and solving problems.. . most of u become so familiar with the place where we live or work that we are unaware of the problem they cause. an interior designer ha the advantage of seeing a space a a stranger and so is more aware of the problems.. . creativity and imagination work together to produce an interior in which the problem have been resolved, and which is pleasant for the occupant."
"read ""guns, germ and steel"" by jared diamond. the inhabitant of the phillippines, a with most oceanic island groups, did not have access to agricultural innovations, and later, industrial ones, which keep it still in the third world. but today, thing are changing, and the phillippines may join the developed world a early a 2030."
"tell the person you're sending it to, in what capacity you know the student and for how long. then tell them the great quality he or she has, that will make him or her a great candidate for the itt. only write positive things, or don't write at all!!!"
put the onion into the freezer for about five minute before cutting. you shouldn't cry after you do this.
because most of the gossip is negative and we normally like to hear negative thing about people that seem to live better life than we do. make u feel better for some strange reason.
"tea ha caffeine and can keep you awake, drink it in the morning to wakeup if anything. there is also decaf tea. the amount it effect the person varies. sometimes caffeine doesnt do anything to a person."
"it's always been known that money is a mood changer be it for better or worse. some people have been without for so long that they just don't know how to act or behave when they finally get two cent over a dollar. however the matter, don't allow that to affect you when you advance in life."
people were le certain that king had divine authority.. . greater freedom of thought.. . increased political unrest throughout europe.
"apologize. acknowledge that you are human and have done wrong. ultimately you will have to forgive yourself and move on. (easier said than done, i know)"
"i understand there is lot of ancient mayan ruin to explore, great beach and great eats. i have been loking for stuff to do we are going in may to there."
"i believe michigan is the only state with a 10 cent deposit. also, it's so that when they are returned it's more efficient to recycle the cans, similarily they also recycle beer bottles."
"the 5th amendment is the right to remain silent. so when someone pleads the fifth, that are acting on that right. now, it is often used a slang too, when someone doe not want to talk about something, but it is used on court case so you do not have to incriminate yourself."
"it appears that the question period ha expired. if an answer ha been given that meet your needs, please pick a 'best answer'. regard"
mohammed came after jesus. he is not considered god but the major prophet and interpreter of god's will.
it depend upon which type of visa you are talking? if you mention i will definately help you out.
"a vegetable is anything taht doesnt have any seed (lettuce, broccoli). a fruit is something that ha seed (tomatoes, apples). and since corn are the seed that grow on the cob thing, then id assume it a fruit. enjoy"
"well gurdwara imp.. iwould not go into religious meaing but then into spritual.. every place of worship whether temple, church, gurdwara or mosque.. teach one thing that god is there within just one ha to look inside will find all the religiuos place inside.. they are based on sound n light so no matter which place of worship u go you would find the sign of that..respect all religion a one a no matter which path u take it would take you to final destination that is lord.."
"nuevo progress is safe but just like any american city you have to be careful where you go, what you eat, and drink. it mainly a single street where all the business is located. you can walk or drive it right across the international bring . we prefer to go there instead of reynosa."
"you can make a plastic surgery with money and become handsome. so, that's what has-some actually means!"
grey goose vodka.....? drink it up and let loose your goose!
"almond extract, or coffee syrup vanilla or sug free vanilla. also vanilla chip"
nobody is supporting incest . what do you mean? explain........
"you get a crappie pole, put string on the pole, tie a crappie jig on the string. go to a pond or lake, put the jig in the water. bounce the jig around until a fish bites, reel the fish in."
"i know the answer, but it a long story.. the answer is just like the question . for what is the difference between usa and uk.. usa is created when some british people who dont like the way uk goverment rule,then run/move to other place,to create a new nation.. and taiwan is create by chinese people from china who dont like the communist rules/government rule at that time."
"1 1/2 oz. vodka and 3/4 oz. kahlua. mix and shake with cracked ice, serve."
"go find out how much a new one is today, and that's about how much you can expect to get for yours. unfortuneately their is no rare batch of seagrams. but good luck."
i guess they are customer don't care instead of customer care. have a great valentine day. i see something great will happen to you to make you forget this unfortunate incident from customer care! have a great day!
"i recently read a book on common sense, and the author suggests that the debate had centered primarily on parliament until the publication of that pamphlet. apparently, in the early day of the rebellion, george washington still regularly toasted to the king until paine redirected the focus of grievance against the king."
"no need to make a shake in that case. just eat some tuna or some chicken or fish, or cook up some egg whites. milk itself ha 1 gram of protein per ounce, so milk by itself is a good source of protein. you could throw a bannana and/or some strawberry in there and blend it if you like."
"hold the tool with one hand in front of you like a sword and hold the knife with the other hand. starting from the base of both (cutting edge of knife looking to you), just run the knife along the tool away from you (it is safer) while you pull off the knife to the right, the whole cutting length of the blade must run througout the length of the tool.. repeat each side of the blade alternatively (up and down the tool) only 2 or 3 times, it is best to do it only a little but more often, you will keep your knife longer.. dont give too much pace because knife are rather fragile against these sharpeners."
cuz they are tired! all those noodle man! it take alot out of you. your eating like a thousand of something.
"go to the local welfare office ,with youss number and other id's. and apply if youare legal"
it a safety issue. ethic really do not enter into it.
because they need lot of river for baptizing.. . i'm a baptist and our church is built near a river.
don't toss them in straight tabasco... mix about 1/2 cup of apple cider vinegar with several tablespoon of tabasco and reduce slightly in a saucepan before tossing in wings. if you want them a little sweeter you can melt a little brown sugar into the tabasco/vinegar mix a well.
"that would depend on your definition of black. they were of color if i'm not mistaken, but they were not of dark complexion."
there is no such thing a love at first sight. every relationship start out a infatuation and it grows into love over time and experience (good and bad) with that person.
"it depends on what it is you think need to be told, and how good of a friend it is. some people don't like sharing all of the secrets, you have to respect that. don't push too hard to get them to spill the bean because you'll just end up pushing your friend away. if they want to tell you, they will."
"i don't think people are any more or le ""obsessed"" with travel than ever... but i definitely think that it's a pretty big world, so it's in your best intrest to get out their and experience a much of it a you can. and a lot of people recognize that.. . plus there's the whole adding culture to yourself thing."
"i learned on the job, but it took years. i would strongly suggest a course in graphic design and a part time job in production environment to help you understand what you are being taught, fine tune your skill and put together a portfolio of production work."
"same reason they press harder on the remote button when the battery is low..prolly the same people who believe all the crap car manufacturer pump in their ads. (like a ford is going pee, because a nissan lay a little scratch in some loose dirt.lol)..the average person out there ha an iq of about 10.. enjoy the lunacy, play along..next time you see some one do that? hunch over push the opposite or some other button, make a face at them (using tardy voice) and say thththerrrrrre, so na na ne na na! then walk back to where ever you were standing like liberacie with a french tickler up your butt!"
one who accept jesus christ a one's savior and lord. one who also follows christ by carrying one's own spiritual cross (to be separated from the world-flesh desires- by god).
"yes, moral are your belief system. ethic are our populas/public view of how thing should be or are which ever the case."
torino is the english version of the town. turin is what the italian call the town.
"don't smoke right now because i'm on probation and don't feel like going to jail. when i do, 1.5-4 gram a day, like 3-5 times, and because it take up time and spur conversation. preferred smoking apparatus is the gas mask, because you just sit there and breathe while someone pack and light the bowl for you, you cant see shit, and you get way more faded if you can afford the weed."
you can buy a cotton candy maker at j.c. penneys store for homes. i belive they cost about $40.00. it work great and i usually buy the sugar in large quantity through a rental store like a place that you can rent carnival equipment. i find you have a larger choice of flavors.sometimes walmart sell the cotton candy maker and flavor also.
3 hrs. see the link below for more detail
"guildenstern mean ""golden star."" rosencrantz mean ""rose wreath"" or ""rose garland."""
"i think the universe is the mind of god. we are his thoughts, his dreams, a well a his entire existence. every particle constituting a small part of his progressive logic. we are a part of him a his is us."
"because i'm the mom, that's why.. . that's how my mom explained it to me."
scholorships can be found in your search engine. type it in and your on your way
it''s 151 proof.. or 75% alcohol i use to drink it a lot the strongest sold. legally in america
"dude all you have to do is this i 'll give you the frist step to it . ok frist you get the name of the county where she lived then you search that county on the internet, your looking for the city record fish in there till you find what you looking or it all public record but remember the same way you find out abouth her pas are abouth the same way theyu can find out abouth you not saying you have anything to hide"
"they satisfy people expectations, plus you get something yummy to eat. it show that you care.. . birthdays, weddings...... . me, i prefer a good homemade apple pie :-))"
duh! everything you can buy online. try yahoo shopping.
"literally, the translation mean ""pervert."" . . a to what it's usually understood a - at least on the internet and in video store - it refers to sexually explicit japanese animation."
it's often raining in that area. it's right next to the pennines -- precipitation i believe they called it in geography at school. i have yet to get off at piccadilly and it not be raining.
":}. the european common market wa a name that referred to what is now officially the european union or the eu.. today it is a common single market, consisting of 25 member states),(the country of europe) it ha adopted a common currency, a central bank, a common agricultural policy, a common trade policy, a common fishery policy, and a common foreign and security policy. passport and custom check were abolished at most of the eu's internal borders, creating a continuity for europe’s citizen to live, travel, work and invest."
the feared jew claw is a method of obtaining monetary wealth by physical snatch and cunning. it wa created by british comedian sacha baron cohen (who is jewish).
rishikesh is in dehradun dittrict. you can go to dehrddun and take a bus to rishikesh. i am not sure but some bus service can take you to rishikesh from haridwar also.i am not sure but train which go to dehradun cross haridwar. for rishikesh there is no direct train .many tourist bus which go to gangotri start there himalayan tour from rishikesh try getting information from garhwal mandal tourism.
"some people will tell you that we do not need black history month, because they just don't understand. but i think it's the time that everyone in this country remembers that i ancestor died for our freedom and our rights, to just let others tell u that it's in the past and to forget about it and move on will be a great disrepect to them the million that died for u to just forget about them. so celebrate black history mouth by remembering our ancestor for all they do for us. that's the important thing never let this country forget the past so there stuggles want be in vain."
"i wa in madrid last summer during the end of june. i did not notice any mosquito at all. i wa in the city the whole time, so maybe they are on the outskirt of the city? i wa in barcelona also during july and there were not any mosquito there neither."
"in the bible, good is associated with light and evil is associated with darkness. the color white and black are naturally associated with description of light and darkness in human perception, respectively."
"no idea, but he's one of the greatest contemporary writer's of our time. having read pretty much everything he's written, i feel that he is a literary giant, who seems to finally be getting the recognition he's long deserved."
pagal boli de i love you. and see what wveer it happnes aftera lallal
"your ability to instinctively respond to situation without having to think it through. probably linked to latent animal awareness sensitive to it's surroundings, brought along over the millinea from a time when human were a lot closer to nature.(and had to survive on the most basic levels)"
you would feel like there's a strong bond between the two of you. you would feel what he/she is feel even if he/she doesn't say a word. you'll feel that you've known/him her forever.
"it's a term used to describe the texture of pasta: not overcooked but not too hard. the exact translation is ""with teeth""."
to get to the other side. . . ohhh is this a joke?
pro-reduce overpopulation. con-it is morally wrong in the eye of god
"track down a local ""creative memories"" consultant and attend a workshop. you can find a consultant close to you at the link below."
"it make you more well-rounded. and it look better on a resume than ""waitress""."
"it's just a sad aspect of human nature to behave this way towards people who are outwardly different.. . for a very interesting look at this phenomenon (and some brutal wheelchair rugby) check out the documentary ""murderball."""
'cause they are made of steam. the steam is white so the cloud are white.
"one reason is that there isn't any place like it in the world (or at least the part i've been to) there is so much to do besides gambling, great shows, food site, site seeing and one of my favorite thing people watch. it's something to see at night with the light and all of the different design of hotels/casinos."
"it's all virtual, man. you only think this is real, otherwise you wouldn't have had to ask the question. the real question is, ""where will you find yourself when you wake up?"""
"falafel (arabic: فلافل (falaafil (help·info)) hebrew: פלאפל (falafel)), also known in egypt a ta`amiyya (arabic طعمية), is a fried ball or patty of spiced fava bean or chickpeas. it is a highly popular form of fast food in the arab east. falafel is also very common in israel, being regarded there a a national food. the word ""falafel"" come from the arabic word فلفل (filfil), meaning pepper, and probably ultimately from sanskrit pippalī."
"it depends really where u will go!! but usually place like halkidiki and thessaloniki and also some of the island are quite warm so i dont believe that u are going to have a problem.one of the best place that you can visit since you will go there for your honeymoon, which is really good is an island ,santorini. probably the most romantic place in greece with incredible sunsets!"
"most christian denomination hold that a person must be born again in some sense in order to be a christian, and thus that all who are true christian are in fact born again, whether they describe themselves a such or not.. . born again is a term used primarily in the fundamentalist, evangelical, and pentecostal branch of protestant christianity, where it is associated with salvation, conversion and spiritual rebirth."
"they are being scuplted by artist out of wax (some sort of anyway) which is heaten up to a certain temperature that keep the surface soft and moldable. then bodily feature like hair are being added, then the body sculpture get painted to skin tone and special feature are colored too like eyes, lip etc."
"a coolie. oops, that's the individual doing the carrying. the most common device would be a bamboo pole with a basket suspended at each end."
"it sound like a world in the book ""wrinkle in time"" where the world is controlled by ""it."" divirsity is good because idea pop up faster. and i do not believe god created the earth. everything ha a scientific explanation, but i thing god created the big bang."
"i only found one source claiming this. i haven't seen any reference to a battle on any other searches.. . the name black forest wa quite accurate in earlier times, when the forest wa impenetrable though profitable - wood, silver and ore were the foundation of the inhabitant comparable wealth. when the wood trade started to falter clock-making stepped in and ha been a successful industry ever since the 17th century."
"well, cooky are what american call them and biscuit are what brit call them.. . same thing."
flexibilty. revision are made easily.. both are participant of this whole printing stuff.. well they dont use punch card no more i guess.... or do they? to emboss print whatever.. beat me :>
habibti mean ( my love girl) in arabic . notice not always it used to talk with or about our love. but sometimes used even between just friend however in general . it is for our love girl.
"because they represent dark and hiden stuff - even in the way they dress, when you look at them it seems like they call themself - dark.. and dark ha always been scary, so, i wouldn't say discriminated, but i think we try to avoid them.. i'm a very positive person, and i don't enjoy the dark point of view, not from them but from anybody."
"mcdonald's hamburger are 100% beef and are certified a such by the u dept. of agriculture. the allegation that worm are added is an urban myth; a a matter of fact, worm cost more per pound than ground beef. geez, some people will believe anything."
put more of oil and dont add salt initially. only when it almost cooked add the salt
"the tenderloin is that part of the turkey or chicken breast that is separate from yet underneath the outer layer. it is right up against the breast bone and the keel bone when you remove it, it tends to have a long narrow appearance but it is a lot more tender that the rest of the breast meat. i don't know why."
"opticalrectalitis is not a real word but is sort of slang for poor outlook on life. it is amazing how snippy people get on this forum.. . optical=outlook, rectal=uh poor or fill in your own synonym, itis=condition"
people are selfish because they believe in themselves alone without consideration for the person beside them. this also ha to do with the syndrome of wanting to get every happiness on earth and i can finally attribute it to not having the fear of god
"failure of governance is intrinsic within islam and always will be a long a they continue to mix their religion with their politics. once a leader come into power they also rule over the ulama, thus the shari'ah and fiqh change giving the leader absolute power of church and mosque. and, a the historically proven proverb goes, absolute power corrupts absolutely. so a long a islam blend with the state, islamic country will alway fail."
soak in a little vinegar or lemon juice for awhile. dilute vinegar or lemon juice with a little water. fresh food are always better than canned foods.
"""singing this song quickly became a way for african american to demonstrate their patriotism and hope for the future. in calling for earth and heaven to ""ring with the harmony of liberty,"" they could speak out subtly against racism and jim crow law — and especially the huge number of lynching accompanying the rise of the ku klux klan at the turn of the century."""
"there are certain thing that philosophy cannot answer. . philosophy limit only to what the human reason can reach. theology, where religion and spirituality belongs, gasp thing beyond human reason."
celebration of thanksgiving is a memory of the time when the british voyager had a good harmony with the american natives. it wa also a thanks giving to god for the british and native american friendsip
"although heavily promoted by pepsico (including advertisement by the pop singer britney spear and the band papa roach), it is widely seen a a commercial flop a sale remained low.. . even though pepsi blue wasn't a popular a pepsico thought it would be, supermarket store-brand clone remain on the market for those who enjoy the taste. pepsi blue still remains on sale in some countries, including mexico and costa rica. it wa withdrawn from the american market in early 2004."
"pretty bad. i think this will go on till the second coming, or a revival sweep the nation which it's starting to. praise god"
"my family and i once went to a fortune cookie ""factory"" in chinatown in san francisco. by factory i mean two little asian woman sitting in a room making fortune cookies. they had an oven that wa feeding out the baked cooky on a conveyor belt, and the woman would pick up the cooky and fold the paper message inside of them. then the cooky went back on the conveyor belt into another machine that put them inside of wrappers."
"the tower stand 300 m (986 feet) high, which is about 75 stories. including the 24 m (72 feet) antenna, the structure is 324 m (1058 feet) high."
white startchy veg cross between potato and apple. slightly sweet and crisp refreshing flavor
"i'm not really sure that there is a possible way to track a cruise ship. most of those thing are considered ""confidential"" because of the terrorist attacks."
"education is the way a society pas on it values, culture, language to it newest generations. formal education is the way society prepares it future leader to preserve the ""accepted"" way of living. education, either way, is important for understanding the ways, the why, the how, etc. and to act upon for your own benefit or the collective."
i would say it really mess up everyone. especially the child if they are witness to it. they might regard it a acceptable behaviour.
"roasting usually occurs in an enclosed cooking chamber, so that the dry heat is all around the meat.. . grilling usually occurs on top of a cooking surface that isn't covered, so the heat come mainly from underneath.. . outdoor grilling with the lid down would be a combination."
rich people are eccentric everyone else is wierd. it's just perception and how you see thing is all.
"the firth of forth is the estuary or firth of scotland's river forth, where it flow into the north sea between fife to the north, and west lothian, the city of edinburgh, and east lothian to the south. the river is tidal a far inland a stirling, but generally it is considered that the inland extent of the firth end at the kincardine bridge.. . a large number of town line the shores, a well a the petrochemical complex at grangemouth and burntisland, the commercial dock at leith, oilrig construction yard at dalgety bay and methil and the naval dockyard at rosyth, with numerous other industrial area including the forth bridgehead area.. . the kincardine bridge and the famous forth road bridge and forth bridge carry traffic across the firth."
to keep them from having air bubbles. same thing you would do if you were baking a pie crust.
"a society is a group of whatevers existing a a unit. all unit have basic agendas/goals such a survival, if the individual can help the society achieve these goal than he/she is useful. if he/she work agaisnt these goal then they are a liability."
"i don't conduct any formal research on this, i just have a look around and i think that new idea come across people's mind because those people do not stop thinking and they dare to dream. notice that many people don't have any gutts to even just dream."
"there are million of human being and most are very different, how can they be a single measure for all thing if they so differ. the measure of something is actually in your case the tailor of your suit who make it fit you, god is the measure of all things."
the best way to have it checked for free is to take it to your nearest fine art auction house or email image to them. they have expert who will be more than happy to have a look at it and will be able to tell you in seconds. this is based on a lifetime experience on working on the subject.
"learning to speak well and spell well would be a good start.... . look over the many profile on yahoo!.... . look for someone who ha similar interest a you have, and write to them and tell them about yourself and try to make friend that way.... look for the yahoo member directory.... that should help..."
look at similar instaments on e-bay.that should give you an idea. or just call your local music store.
"palanquin ??. . palanquin (pronounced palankeen, a form in which it is sometimes spelled), a covered litter used in india an.d other eastern countries. it is usually some eight foot long by four foot in width and depth, fitted with movable blind or shutters, and slung on pole carried by four bearer"
"it spreading the word that people should respect each other and their individual belief (that no one belief in a higher power is inherently superior to another). they usually have a lot of fun intellectually beating to death fascist and ignorant god-bags.. . the humanist movement is linked historically to gnostic christianity, deism, and ha been the victim of the catholic church in a propoganda campaign proclaiming humanist are satanist in disquise. the web is full of pro-christian conspiracy site trying to link humanist to satanic worship, though most humanist don't see a conflict between their christian and humanist belief and believe that the lost (and found) gnostic gospel of jesus point squarely at humanist thought."
i hate to dis the red cross but you are better off finding . a church relief organazation going to the area to get it there.
"one night he wa eating italian cooking, and ate a rather spicy meat ball. he burped, and the sun flew out of his mouth."
check out the following information pertaining to the getty in malibu.. . -tom
food prepared in an uncomplicated manner.. . thanks for the question...taught me something new!!!
go to the library and steal it.. . warning: you will be apprehended and punished to the fullest extent of the law and i will not be held accountable for your own conscious criminal thought.
vervain is a herb. i've seen it used in recipies for incense and tea but have never used it.
"i'm assuming that you are talking about a ""heating"" type stove, so here's my best shot:. in a gas stove the ceramic insert are called 'radiants"", because they ""radiate"" the heat through heat transfer from a smaller gas flame, thereby using le gas than an ""open"" flame. hope this is the answer you were looking for!"
"the question is, why is anything here? given that there is a universe with atoms, since there are billion and billion and billion of planets, random combination of chemical reaction are happeining in unbelieveable numbers, and sometimes, they come together to form life.. . so forget the ""why are we here"", and move on to, ""what am i going to do with the few year i have here?"""
"a a child, a particular segment of time seems to be longer than that same segment appears to an adult. this is because that same segment represents a much larger fraction of the amount of time that a child ha experienced, versus the adult. example: waiting a month seems shorter to someone who is fifty, because he ha experienced 600 of them. that same month seems much longer to a child of 5 who ha only experienced 60 month in his life."
"oh you naughty , naughty boy. just say, satannnnnnnnnnn, get thee hench away from me. then throw away those nasty magazines."
they evolved into real birds. fossil of archaeopterics somewhat tell how the myth originated. it is long naked bird looking like a reptile supposed the link between the two species.
"you didn't mention your location, but if your cummuting by bus, just go to a bus station or q.c highway (edsa) or sm north and look for a bus that's going to san fernando pampanga. the bus will stop right infront of sm pampanga. but to make sure, ask the bus driver or conductor first if they gonna stop at sm pampanga. i'm not sure if their's some fx going their"
"i don't know why this is so funny, but it is! sorry...it just sound so. enjoy texas! learn how to be an arrogant tool now, it'll help later!"
i dont feel anything is bad in it. in fact it help the economy to chalk out the priority area n work on those first
somthing that will mean alot to him. try somthing like making him his favorite cooky and making a photo album of the two of you. then on valentine day you can look trough it together with him while you eat the cookies...:)
"you need to get the ""photographer's market 2006"" book. it list every company that is looking for pictures, it tell you what format the company want the photo in, and it tell you how to contact the company!. . get the book."
practice these two essential of happiness: forgiveness and gratitude. you'll feel the happiness soon enough.
with all the question filtering thru it take a few min. for your question to pop up. if you want to make sure it wa posted check the my q&a link in the green bar by your name.
"leonardo studied astronomy, he built or designed weapons, building and art works, he wa a painter of great skill and he did sculpture. his notebook show a study of philosophy, observation of the people and world around him, and diligent study and discussion of the sciences, of anatomy, of painting and art, and an intense curiosity and willingness to investigate and share the results."
sneaking vegan are funny. they are easy to spot. they litter before they get home!
"that is one existing miracle of christianity. if an organization, like christianity, really come from god, then it should continue to exist even for a longer period of time."
one and clapping ? or one hand clapping. come here and i'll show ya
well..i think 9/11 did a pretty good job to make everyone a little jumpy. american's go on with their life but we hear so much about terrorist attack and war in other country that it's a natural reaction.
"read again!. in order to be a successful bartender you must work for a company, who allow you to put enough alcohol into the glass. some don't, and i am sure it will decrease your tip a well a your client's return rates. there are multiple way to measure the amount of alcohol that go into a drink, and in this case le is not more."
food that is from the sea. fish and stuff like that.
maybe he doesn't care about the immaturity of those who would laugh or poke fun at his name? maybe he come from an era when this word wasn't used to refer to male genitalia?. . (i am not implying that you are immature; this is a good question).
not sure about the may basket. the may pole is pagan in origination. it was/is a fertility ritual.
there is only one cashier for the drive through. there are several cashier inside.
"potato originated in south america and once the area wa ""discovered"", the european brought the potato back with them. but since the italian love pasta a their starch, i suppose the potato didn't gain too much popularity in that area."
"yes, i wa listening to general conference in salt lake city, and president hinkley wa speaking about how family can be forever, and i felt this wonderful feeling that i can't explain. but just knowing that my family and i are going to be forever is wonderful!"
"they are both type of colleges. university have higher expectations, higher requirements, require more credits, more well rounded education and so on. i think you mean community colleges, when you say colleges. this answer wa just answered a week ago...the only difference is you added denmark on it...colleges/universities have basic same principal in every country."
"i'm pretty sure you can't in yahoo!. but you could download the image to your disk, put them together in photoshop (or whatever else), and upload it a the yahoo! 360 kind of avatar (where you upload your own image)."
"they contain more beta-carotene than oranges. the deeper the orange color, the more beta-carotene."
"showed the world exactly what hatred, intolerance, biggotry, racism and big ego can do when in power. a lesson everyone today still need to learn."
"i think working in any restaurant is very frustrating because it your job to ""satisfy"" everyone that walk in the door. many people treat restaurant worker like servant and that drive worker crazy and behind the scene they can let off steam by making their coworkers nut too. id say...dont work in a restaurant if at all possible...you shouldnt have to spend so much time in that negative environment.....good luck!"
"akhenaten wa a pharoah of egypt, he challenged the status quo in the kingdom by changing the state religion from a polytheistic religion to a monotheistic version, worshipping the sun god aten. when he died, the next pharoah, tutankhamun changed the religion back."
"you already answered your own question. sorry, but if she want you to spend all of your money on her, what doe that say about her? it is your money. i'm not saying don't spend any money on her, just don't spend all your money on her."
"<*> godshew there are not two jesus', jesus christ and christ jesus.. not one jesus under the law and another under grace. the difference is between two covenants, law and grace, not two covenanters cj and jc."
"...because you are close to death.. however, if you were both rich and over 50, then the lady would flock to you like bee to honey. just look at anna nicole smith's hubby."
"read an english koran it never preached hate, and praise christian and jew a ""peoples of the book"".. . p i didnt spell qu'arn wrong..........there is no official translation into english."
islam doe not teach peace mercy and forgivenes. it teach hate racism and the killing of innocent people. what other religion teach that if you blow your self up you will be rewarded with 72 virgins. this is a crazy an violent religion.
"maybe you mean ""fen-shua""? it symbol is 粉刷 and mean ""whitewash"""
integrity mean doing what's right even when no one is looking. in spanish-integridad
healing is when you cure a person of a disease.. . miracle is when you are not sued for failing to do so.
"it is fine, it is probably perfect, even if it were bad it won't hurt you. if it's black, don't eat it"
it's because they have no guaranteed passenger on a trip back. it therefore becomes more costly to the airline to ferry a passenger to one destination without having another passenger ferried back.
*pondering* a true love? that is to care more for the person than you do for yourself...
"a very fine screen that is made of silk-like material (or possibly real silk), mounted tightly on a border or frame. the desired design is then made on the framed screen so that it is used a a stencil then paint (not all kind of paint - i've used textile or diluted latex paint) is spread on the frame over fabric or paper. good for t-shirt or banners/streamers. you can buy them by the yard/roll."
"the reason is given a religious, but originated a sensible health advice for people living in hot country without fridge etc.. . pig eat anything, including dead human and other animals, excrement etc, and their meat can be unhealthy and go off quickly once slaughtered - hence the warning it is unclean.. . the jew also have an injunction against pork."
"take dramamine. also, eat while you read. the swallowing help soothe the stomach and stabilize the fluid in the ears. carbonated beverage also help."
"there is no sure way to tell. some people have married life with child when they might develop this habit. however, you can prevevt exploitation by contstant supervision. dont leave the person alone with kids.. exploiter generally like to touch the child a lot; or like to see them naked; or encourage to hold or keep child in a position that would cause touching of genitals of either of them."
"besides cheating and purchasing one of those prepackaged dip that you just heat in the micro, here is a link to a few cheese dip recipes.. . enjoy"
"i have been a freemason for nearly a decade, and have never seen this particular symbol. it may appear in other states, a not all state and country use the exact same symbols.. . contrary to what some think, mason are not satan worshipers....i'm actually a methodist, and don't think my reverend would appreciate it."
"gm food stand for genetically modified food, which have undergone some sort of genetic manipulation a such make them disease resistant or more ""nutritious"". of course their some contention on whether gm food is actually good or not.. . with regard to transporting them, these crop use the same transport a other food crops, because they are essentially the same. i guess in sack or bag loaded into truck and ship etc."
"he felt the state should not hamper the establishment of religious groups. he sought a government which would be friendly to group wishing to establish a worship of the christian faith, without out limiting it to the puritaqn denominations."
to saw through thing more effectively on le pulls. mostly having to do with flesh.
"i stay happy by staying alive!. every day that i wake up ""alive"", i am happy!"
it is free. you can use latest yahoo or msn messengers.. you will need to have a sound card on your pc and a microphone.
im personally not a bigfan of unnecesary drama.. . kiss :-)
"the internet of course (get a website)...also talk to local coffeehouse etc. about selling your product and make sure your name/slogan is visible and mentioned a the producer of the baked goods...possibly do networking with local caterer and restaurant to provide desserts/cookies a well, so when people say 'yum these are great cookies!' the caterer will say 'yup willie bakes em good, here's his/her business card with website!' :d also...consider donating a percentage of profit to some kind of cause and that will promote interest, preference and help with networking (example: your product might get mentioned by a green organization if you donate a percentage to a wildlife refuge).. just some ideas, i'm not a business person though."
if you want to go the way of genealogy then you would trace back through the dawes roll or the list of native american that were forced to move from their home land to ks. and oklahoma.. or you could contact the native american geneology society in the carolinas( north and south carolina)
"no one can read minds--they follow pattern and pick card that most people will choose. there are also slight of hand that they can do so they can ""cheat"" and know your card when they don't think you are looking. or the person they use a an example on the tv could be their partner and could be in on the whole thing. there are many way to ""read someone's mind""."
egg are used a a binding agent and they also help in making a cake fluffy. the other important thing to remeber about egg in baking is that if you are making a white cake be sure to leave out the yolk or it will come out yellow
"i know the real answer to your question, what they do is they grab cornmeal, puff it up with air, and then pas it through a chamber of powdered cheese, they add some more s*it to preserve it, and then they put it in a bag. the bag is then filled with nitrogen to make it appear more full"
"the acient roman used to say:. ""historia magistra vitae"". which mean that the history is a life's teacher.. their conclusion was: the better knowledge of the history will cause the le mistake in life"
the very same reason we are obsessed with yahoo answers.. it is very addicting!
well it look like $636 on . air mauritius go to yahoo travel and plug in city use flexible dates!
"the moron that said they are prettier, i really hope you are being sarcastic. a for your question my dear, they tend to taste le fishy."
"are you looking for a cheap high? it's a myth, morning glory seed are not psychedelic."
"from what i can tell, fettuccine is made with egg and flour, but linguine is just pasta made without eggs. they appear to be basically the same form, just slightly different ingredients."
"nothing, just mythology is no longer actively practiced. if there's no follower we can say the religion is dead."
squeese the lemon (2 for four people or double the lemon for more).in four glass (or how many fit your recipe) divide the juice of the lemon into the certain amount of glasses.then pour water tin each glass (not too much because the flavor of the lemon will not appear).add a much sugar a you prefer and you have homemade lemonade!; )
"""mes chant volent à dieu, comme l'aigle au soleil."". my melodies/songs fly to god, like the eagle to the sun"
"because jew don’t believe that you need to be jewish to go to heaven (all you need to be is a good person and follow the 7 noahide laws). we accept convert but we only want people who are truly devoted because it is not easy to be a jew. 613 commandment anti-semitism, ect. to find out more speak to your local orthodox rabbi."
a priest can perform the sacrament of the eucharist. a brother is someone who ha dedicated his life to christ but ha not been given the sacrament of holy orders.
"most folk tale are meant to teach a lesson, no matter what culture they come from. the people who are most often told folk tale are children. without child your society cannot survive, so you want to do everything you can to keep them safe and help them make the best judgement later on in life."
"for those with religious persuasions, a dove tattoo mean the holy spirit. if the dove is facing upwards, it mean that you yearn to be closer to the holy spirit and it is an aid to your spiritual journey. if the dove is facing downwards, it is a prayer for the blessing of the holy spirit to be bestowed on you and from what i heard is a very powerful tattoo a long a it come with the proper holy phrases/words and symbols."
"be friendly. smile and make eye contact, but be genuine. faking it won't work."
"a hard a it may bbe to belive this a man really doe appreciate that you were thinking of him. i could recomend taking him out to his favorite restaurant even if it is dave and busters, and maybe get him a jersey of his favorite football or baseball player."
"ignoring someone is more hurtful because it mean the person is 'invisible', 'unimportant', 'insignificant', 'irrelevant', 'of no use', etc. at least someone who outrightly dislike another recognises that the person exist."
a biography of megan shull you idiot!!! go back to the first grade
"exercises, more fruit and vegetables, le or no meat, more fish not seafood. especially salmon!"
"mexican indian are the indigenous people who reside in the country now known a mexico. many are mestizos; mixed blood of the many original indigenous people and the spaniard who invaded north america (now known a the us), central (mexico, guatamala, costa rica, et-al) and sur america tambien"
"the fastest way i think would be to ""posterize"" the footage using a filter like in adobe premiere. this would reduce the actual number of color in the video making it look almost cartoonish. rotoscoping is probably the most time consuming process which involves tracing (drawing over) the image of each frame one at a time. it give a really cool effect, but it take forever depending on the number of frames."
mmmmmm! pizza cheese flavored pant that don't reach your ankles.
"i like the weeping buddha's concept: the world is profoundly sad and someone ha to always be weeping for it sorrows, so that you can be joyful... some carver say the weeping buddha is absorbing all the sorrow of the world, and that is why he weeps, while others maintain that he is merely meditating."
"in summer there´s quite good the weather, but at noon and between 1 and 3pm some day it can be very hot. in the evening and night is the best weather.. . summer tends to be warm with temperature that easily reach 24 °c in july and that can often reach 35 °c."
"it is related to psychoanalytic theory. the main issue in this theory is that a basal conflict, from the early childhood, reflects itself in an actual conflict, without the person affected being aware of it. this is why in therapy the psychoanalyst try to generate the transfer, so that the person can understand the link between the past conflict and the actual one and to understand that the way he behaves now wa effective in the past, in his childhood, but is rather inefficient now and need change (the coping mechanism used to overcome or face the problem).. the ""dynamic"" under discussion also referrs to the id, ego, and supraego and the way they interact so a to determine psychopathology.. but this is a long story...."
"drink decaffeinated coffee and tea. read the label on soft drink before buying. most cola are caffeinated, but so are other soft drinks. it's a good idea to get into the habit of reading the label on all food and beverage that you intend to consume, not just for caffeine content, but also for carbs, calories, saturated and trans-fat and other nutritional information."
"it might sound like a lisp, but it's actually a different consonant.. . speaker of spanish in the america use an ""s"" sound for word that are spelled with ""z"", but some people from spain use a sound like the english ""th"" in the same situation. therefore, a spanish-speaker from mexico might say ""corazon"" a ""cor-a-son"" and a spanish-speaker from spain might say ""cor-a-thon"". this isn't a lisp; it's just a difference between the dialect of spanish."
"off the grill, preferable charcoal. on a fresh kaiser bun. mayo, ketchup, mustard, lettuce, pickle, onion, cheese. side of fry and a chocolate shake."
"i'm not sure what you're asking about with the glory bell, could you give a bit more context? where did you hear the term, etc.. . a for the glory hole, i'm sure that sunshine must be refering to the one in the link below :)"
the thyroid of a young cow. not very appealing is it?
"it truly depends who is on which team.. . if you had a team full of clay aiken and a team of ellen degeneres', it would probably just balance each other out.. . however if during the battle someone like the rock, or queen latifa show up, then it a whole different story."
this is the italian equivalent of skewer. so if you order pollo spiedini or vitello spiedini you're actually ordering chicken or beef skewers.
"the same idea of missionizing for any faith, to validate one's own belief by seeing others come to it; to increase number which increase influence and strength in one's society; to save others from believing what is simply, from their perspective, wrong. for christianity, the belief that their faith is right, while all others is wrong is part of the motivation to 'save' the people in these other faith from hell by missionizing them to christianity.. . which is why we jew ought to be missionizing, a we were commanded to do by gd. see psalm 96 for one example...."
"the mayan's belive that the world will come to an end in december of 2012, so that is why the calendar doesnt go on. who know if they are right or not, but the mayan's have been right with some of their other prediction by using their calendar."
ask your papa!!! (kidding). maybe your last name can help.. go to the genealogy and human history department and they might be able to help.
vomitting. i just tried sushi and it wa good in some way but it wa weird because i had never ate eel and seaweed and other stuff before
"amen to that, zappit 333! i agree whole heartedly and it scare the crap out of me....and for my children's sake i worry for them the most...what kind of world are we leaving them?"
"jihad mean to strive in the way of god. . . jihad doe not mean ""holy war""."
"hawaj is a middle eastern spice. it ha an earthy' spicy blend with great peppery-cardamom flavour. great in soups, a a bbq meat rub and sprinkled on vegetable before roasting."
take it to the post office. or go to usps.gov and get details...maybe it's on the website.. . you'll have to get it weighed and pay the right postage on it...39 cent won't get it to russia.
"because god show compassion sometimes. the same reason god doesn't strike your sorry, disrespectful ass with a 5,000 amp lightning bolt."
"social pressure from parents, friends. maybe they are trying to fight their nature. could happen for many reasons."
"when we get in touch with inner self and find out what kind of preson we really are , what we really want, etc. spiritually when we understand the relation between ""atma"" and ""permamtma""."
"with very tall apartment buildings.... they generally eat le meat than the u.s. population. they use chop stick which make you eat more slowly , and therefore le food."
"do you mean, why is isfahan so beautiful? well, i wouldn't know i have never been there. but if you have been there, why are you asking other people why it is beautiful?"
"nero reportedly watched the fire from a neighbouring town and admired the beauty of the flames. it's reported he sang ""the sack of ilium"" and wa seen playing a lyre, which led to the term ""fiddled"" in later mix-up of the storytelling.. . a for the why, there are unproven report that he set the fire himself to make more room for his palace, but mostly scholar these day are exploring the theory that nero may have been schizophrenic, which is only a speculation at this point."
"some people theorize that we actually chose not only the body we are in, but our parent a well. they feel that due to our past life, we have learned some lessons, but not all of them. our ""new"" body is given to u to ""challenge"" u to learn our lesson from the past ... this is only a theory ..."
"they don't alwyas turn to violence, they are very strong in their belief.. the problem is the tolerance, it should come from either side and that is not always so and very regrettable for either party involved.. mayby everybody should aply more this sentence 'thy without sin cast the first stone' other then this one 'an eye for an eye a tooth for a tooth' wich is more applied to my regret."
"in october (till the 23.d) we have the terrestrial viewpoint face to the sun with the scenario of balance behind.in astrological science is balance reigned by the planet venus. after the 23.d of october the sun is entering in scorpio, with the planet neptune a ""godfather""...."
"banana. taste good at room temperature, come in it own biodegradable container, can be eaten without washing, and it is actually filling without being too high-calorie."
i could sculpt one for you if there wa enough money involved. i do ceramic and wood. wood is easier to transport
"a number of early economist believed demand would always grow faster than supply, leading to a constant increase in scarcity and poverty. such a bleak outlook caused it to be labled the dismal science."
"an annotated bibliography is a list of citation to books, articles, and documents. each citation is followed by a brief (usually about 150 words) descriptive and evaluative paragraph, the annotation. the purpose of the annotation is to inform the reader of the relevance, accuracy, and quality of the source cited."
"someone i can trust, that i can be myself around. that i can hang out without trying to look cool around. a person that will help throught thick and thin =)"
what is soul? anything by the late great wilson picket!
poverty can be escaped by planning ahead and making yourself worth it. the best way is to try and making the proper planning in yourself for the future.
"a narf is a fantastical creature from east-asian folklore, dating back to the 1300s. the beautiful creature live underwater, much like the water nymph or harpy of european lore. they are humanoid, with minor genetic difference that afford them amazing abilities. they can also see thoughtwaves and predict the distant future."
"i think that the best thing is to ask them. if you are interested on them, then they will understand and they will tell you!"
"calling an object linear mean basically that it can be represented in one dimension. it could be a line, or something like a line, straight, and along one direction only."
"oh, that confused me a lot the first time i watched it a well.. . i haven't looked at it in a while, but i believe it meant to have your hand lengthwise in front of your face (fingers on the bridge of the nose and between the eyes, and side of the palm hanging down your chin). that way when the phantom wa trrying to use his lasso, it wouldn't be able to tighten enough to strangle you.. . (i checked and this seems to be right.)"
"it is a revelation to john not paul. the first three chapter are written to church of that day so not future prophecy. the book wa originally called apocalypse not revelation but the name wa changed later on in the kjv. if you read the last couple chapter you will see that it is an end to existance a we know it but not a permanent end, for the end is the beginning of eternity."
"my most dificult time is right now upon me ... since i don't know what to do .... i've been with my girlfried for a while but thing don't go exactely a i think they should (and for some time i thought she and i shared the same conception about life and love). she spends more and more time with a friend of hers (also a girl) and she's beginning to borrow this other girl's habit and views, view which stain my (which i thought wa our) ideal of love, turning into some daily cheap thing. realizing this kinda hurt but i'm not sure if i am entitled to tell her what to do or just let her go on the path she seems to be choosing."
people act like that because they are insecure and idiotic and they think they know it all. you just keep yourself together and look the other way when people get like that. it just show how much better you are than them and that they are immature and worthless in their opinionated state!!
"the answer already given define coincidence but they are wrong when they state that the event are not connected, they really are.. nothing happens by accident.. synchronicity is how the world works. all is connected and like a dance."
cold and fairly elevated. it is in the southwestern part of the state and is in the rockies. it is beautiful though
practice by drawing from real life. while drawing focus on drawing what you see and not what you think you see.
"a boy? um, he annoys you to death. or he flirts.. a bot? he make whirring noise and doe your homework."
human are the smartest and the stupidest creature on this earth.. when can create great technology do just about anything we put our mind to but in a stupid moment of rage we destroy it all just so somebody win . maybe one day we will stop being stupid and control our own feeling better until then we are dumb.
"greediness is a nasty thing that many people in the world practice today. everyone ha to have more and more and more, even those thing that are needed at all, just to say that they have them. i find it to be detestable in anyone who posse this in their nature"
"a great place to start is to get experience by auditioning at your local community theater or community college. it's ton of fun, you meet great people, and you learn alot. best of luck, and have fun! :)"
"interesting question. people feel that the art should be available to all, but public museum are screaming for fund that no one seems to be willing to come up with. these private museum are at least providing a resource that is preserving piece of art, and more often than not the private collection are regularly made available to the public on temporary loan or special showings."
not all muslim are terrorist but almost all terrorist are muslims. there are about 140 armed conflict going on in the world today and muslim are involved in every one of them. definitely not a peaceful religion.
"they are looking for dignity, doing that?!. . they would better look for dignity in scripture."
it first depends on how old you are. a good traveling job that might suit you would be something like truck driving for top sellers. it still take a little experience though. and traveling is going to take some.
"i would think none, because seed are their form of reproduction. that is like asking what male mammal is naturally spermless."
"i think dating evolved mostly because of the invention of the automobile. dating used to be more ""bring a girl/guy home for dinner."" now it ""bring her home by 10."" we went from the front porch to the back seat!"
the egg help brownie rise. they may not rise to the size they should be. i forgot egg one time and they stayed flat and didnt cook like they should have.
"it's a whole bunch of restaurant and bar in about a quarter-mile stretch through cobbled streets. there are often outdoor musicians, indoor musician and always plenty of tourists, an easy place to make friend on a grand night out. also a few live music place and shop a well, definitely a place to visit."
ouch. is there a question in there? sounded more like a lecture to me...
"to live a contemplative life is to be observant of thing around you and of the world, and to ponder the (deeper) meaning of things. it is not always the happiest life; only for some people. others would sooner shoot themselves in the foot. but i think that it give more meaning to life because what is the point of being here if you're not going to look into thing at least to some extent?"
"racial profiling is a old a the human race. it is not a crime created by the white populace. throughout history there have been war fought and people killed because they looked or dressed differently.. . i accept that it doe happen today, but it is being addressed."
"cheapest way = swim there, it's good exercise too.. but no, seriously. price fluctuate significantly throughout the year, so it depends on when you're going. do research at online site for airfare during the time you plan to go."
not sure that you can.there are so many food and beverage item recently placed on the banned import list.. suggest you check first with nigerian custom for a full list of banned imports.
"he killed your deer? that's terrible..... . a ""hart"" is a deer.......that organ in your chest is a ""heart"", sweetie. just so you know."
"buddhism is not a mere philosophy and/or religion, but a a way of life, and to reflect upon the contemplative life and the difficulty of living mindfully, especially with an emphasis for lay person practicing buddhadhamma-vinaya a a way of life. . . buddhism is dedicated to supporting compassionate, charitable, humanitarian, non-political causes."
well a a mexican my self i don’t like the idea. we mexican like to be close to our family’s and it hard for a mexican to be in a home because our race is not used to that . we take care of our parent like they took care of us.
what on earth do you mean by gotten rid of? we need a little more info.
"the term generally mean ""a kind of magic"" or ""magical power"". could it mean ""an ability to run faster"" or "" ability to maintain speed longer by some unknown 'power' ""?"
"we're all bad. ""there is no one good but god alone."""
"in literary criticism, the pathetic fallacy is the description of inanimate natural object in a manner that endows them with human emotions, thoughts, sensation and feelings. the term wa coined by john ruskin in his 1856 work modern painters. in the narrow sense intended by ruskin, the pathetic fallacy is an artistic failing, since he believed the central value of art, literary or visual, ought to be it truthful representation of the world a it appears to our senses, not a it appears in our imaginative and fanciful reflection upon it."
it mean what wa the kind of pigment concentration used. because pigment or the coloring matter can be available in many forms... and it can be oil-based or pigment suspended in oil solution or water based like acrylic and watercolor and many others..
"speaking a an american, i think the rest of the world pretty much ha u pegged. we really are full of ourselves."
"it's old english for : thee you, thy your like for example. . thee hath thy question answered"
"declining prices, if they persist, generally create a vicious spiral of negative such a falling profits, closing factories, shrinking employment and incomes, and increasing default on loan by company and individuals. to counter deflation, the federal reserve (the fed) can use monetary policy to increase the money supply and deliberately induce rising prices, causing inflation. rising price provide an essential lubricant for any sustained recovery because business increase profit and take some of the depressive pressure off wage and debtor of every kind.. . with this in mind, i don't think that the computer hardware is experiencing computer hardware"
your question is in the wrong catagory. this is the genealogy catagory
"hope this help your assignment... taxation is a way of the government collecting money from the population to pay for government provided service such a schools, trains, hospital etc. hope that helps. you may need to pad it out a little ;)"
"mardi gras (french for ""fat tuesday"") is the day before ash wednesday, and is also called ""shrove tuesday"" or ""pancake day"". it is the final day of carnival. it is a celebration that is held just before the beginning of the christian liturgical season of lent. the feast should not be confused with the polish fat thursday."
the difference is summed up in a single word: intent... if you intend on causing the death of someone (outside the law of armed conflict such a in a war) that is murder. if a hammer slipped out of your hand while working on a roof and hit someone in the head and they died (assuming this wa not your intention) that is not murder.
probably for the same reason we make church and synogogues. because they wanted to worship those who they believed gave them life and health.
"honey, you can only aviod blacking out while drinking if you don't drink to much. so just don't get too drunk. eat somthing before drinking. it will absorb some of the alcoho and allow you to drink more without getting drunk too fast."
"monleón is one of the oldest town and greater historical resonance of salamanca.. in castilian annals is mentioned leocaput, place where after the famous battle of the pit of simancas, the overcome army of abderramán iii had in it retirement a last encounter with the allied force of ramiro ii the 21 of august of 939, being left the cordovan totally dispersed.. . ~ definitively had to be conquered monleón by the follower of alfonso i saw, before the 1077, because in that east year castilian monarch gained the strength of coria."
"origin are unknown but certainly appear to be based in a sarcastic reponse, perhaps to an apple merchant. i am not kidding."
i'm going to have to agree with the egg benedict and bloody mary! god that sound fantastic! i'm going to have to make that this weekend!
"just go to show that one group of people want equality and respect, but refuse to give it to others.. . simple discrimination that is all it is."
i am an old man and i cannot really remember anything before ralph nadar started his canpaign against the chevy corvair. i would think it might have begun with the populist and progressive with thing like the trust busting and meat packing in the late eighteen hundred and up to 1920
martini are always appropriate. so is a glass of white wine (but you will need to decide which variety or ask the bartender what's good).
"because the day isnt over yet. give your ""someone"" time."
"i like to say they are 13 hour ahead. which they are. going back the other way can be more confusing at times.. . if it is 7:00pm in est on the 24th, then it is 8:00am there on the 25th."
"'lord's witnesses' is a tiny religion whose founder split from jehovah's witnesses. 'lord's witnesses' believe in a very specific code-oriented interpretation of the bible, with a specific armaggedon date."
"there are four (or five?) directly perceived flavors, because there are specific receptor for them on your tounge: sweet, sour, salt and bitter. some say there is a fifth that is specific to msg, and that's why it stimulates the taste."
"it wasn't, it wa the land of angles. the angle were germanic people, from angeln in schleswig, who settled in east anglia, mercia and northumbria in the 5th century. southern and eastern britain wa later called engla-lond (in old english, ""land of the angles""), thus england."
"fairy actually were real, the people that inspired the fairy archetype were the ""tuatha de daannan"" of ireland and scotland, a very fierce population that didnt like outside contact and hid a lot, they had this particular ""height"" (they were short) and they were called by outsider ""the fairy people""... then a lot of misticism wa constucted around them, because they were thoght to fly and so other things, they worshipped the goddess dana, there come their name.. . about mermaids, dont know."
"ingredient : . ground pork/beef (preferably w/""fats"", lean meat use for filling will result in tough dry shumai), ground shrimps(if u like), egg white, water, chopped waterchesnuts (from can or fresh peeled), chopped scallions, chopped presoaked dry chinese shitake mushrooms.. seasoning :. sesame oil, oyster sauce, white pepper, dash of chine cooking wine.. wrap : buy shu mai wrap from oriental markets, u can use ""thick/thin"" wonton wrap a well. fill the seasoned ingredient in the center of wrap, u could top it off w/some chopped carrot (presentable), place them on steaming tray, steam over high heat for 10min/done.. serve : chili w/garlic sauce, sweet soy sauce+sesame oil."
i learned that when i spend personal time with a child and talk to them and remember what they say and ask question to help them draw conclusion (whew!) then they seem to want to be near me a lot more!
"there's no symbolism, but you should be checked by a doctor. it could be due to a disorder causing weakness in your hands."
"our parent did not listen to their parent advice, we did not listen to ours and our child will not liston to ours. we all know better (so we think)"
"if burglary and trespassing are prohibited, why do you have lock on your doors?. . parking lot - for the staff, for delivery trucks, for non-crinking 'designated drivers'."
you cant change the original question but you can add further detail. click on the question and then the link on the right which say 'add details'.
"discipline.. reach long term goal instead of instant gratification which usually leave people unsatisfied ( have you read all those diet thing ? - smile - ).. . think before you act. listen before you speak.. with patience, sometimes a degree of wisdom is gained."
"it depends. if you love a person and she's with another guy, you may want to hurt the guy. if you have a wife and you find out that she's sleeping with another dude, you may want to kill them both."
"there is a rcia (rite of christian initiation for adults) ongoing at most parishes. talk to any priest or parish office to get involved in one. depending on your background it will normally take a year or two to complete the program and then you get baptism, the eucharist, and confirmation (or whichever of them you don't already have) all on the same day. at baptism, you become a catholic; at confirmation you are considered an adult in the eye of the church."
"it mean a big fat behind, usually of a chick. not always used derogatorily, either."
"you might be been in a sleep state where your mind is awake but your body is paralysed. this is a natural mechanism of the body to prevent you from acting out your dreams. you can get out this state easily by wishing to move a small part of your body eg: a finger or toe.. . if you are strong believer of the paranormal, get a priest, medicne man or a vodoo master to give you some advise."
"try northwest. they got a big hub in spore. but if you are travelling from manila, you will have to transit in tokyo - spore - then jakarta. good luck"
"christ said in his word,that he came to give life,and that we may have life more abundantly. christ is life,and those who repent of their sins,and accept christ into their heart will find true meaning to life.know christ,know life. no christ,no life."
"a a general rule a cadaver in the water start to sink a soon a the air in it lung is replaced with water. once submerged, the body stay underwater until the bacteria in the gut and chest cavity produce enough gas—methane, hydrogen sulfide, and carbon dioxide—to float it to the surface like a balloon."
"apple schnapps and vodka. shaken over ice, strained into martini glass. with a cherry."
it mean that nearly 100% of it population is made up of japanese people. people of other race are almost nonexistent within their population.
"marketing reason i suppose. otherwise, walmart will be fined big time if they put it on the shelf early. (they get the book before the release date, and hold them until it is official)."
it seam like my ab get really riped after having sex alot. my lung feel better to.
"to use a garlic press, first peel your garlic cloves, then place them into the garlic press and press. that's all there is to it.. . to peel garlic cloves, press the individual clove with the flat side of a broad knife. this will loosen the papery skin which can then be easily removed"
"i prefer a dry rub or marinating it in country bob's then grilling.. . grilling is the best way to cook a steak, but if that is not available, broil it (don't fry it, the flavor is bad and it retains the fat)"
"at one time, it wa a derogatory term used in the spanish and portuguese language for a white male. now, it is so common that it is no longer derogatory."
they all dared to go where no one else went. they ask question that know one else did and they stuck to it. they also used each others idea to grow in their education.
"it's a way for them to create their own royalty/class. i have to admit though, i really like the name apple. i think it's cute, and i always get hungry for a big juicy green one when i hear her name. :p"
"keep a journal...write down thoughts, feelings, dreams, ideas, thing you see, characteristic of people you know. don't think when you write, but just enjoy yourself. write a often a you want, but do it at least once a day to build discipline. and then when you have it all filled up, go back through and read it--i guarantee an idea/theme will jump out at you."
"no chemicals. range fed insted of stuck in a stall and fed grains. they get to wonder and eat alot of things.. less, shots, because they arnt stuck in a stall, with 100 other cattle that could have something you dont want them to have."
"the key is to deep fry them (as done in buffalo ny). other place will bake them, etc....you need that deep-fried fatty taste :)"
"i hope you mean get, please don,t gutum if you findum. some of the best song were in the late 1980s.. . blubla"
"the relationship between a psychologist and a patient is a great example of persecutor and victim. the transaction between them follow many of the sickest aspect described in the book ""transactional analysis."" the psychologist attempt to become an authority figure, a father to a child, in an artificial dependency."
"funny you shoudl ask, when i use pstry flour i have to use about one fourth per cup less. other than that i have no idea wht make it better or wht it is made of compared to reg white."
"dragon city chinese restaurant, because of the decor and ambiance. i loooove the way their seasoning soak in the meat a if they seasoned it and left it to marinate for a week."
"a long a you keep away from anywhere that look dodgy, you'll be fine. just avoid vietnamese gangs, they're the main problem here at the moment.. . it'll certainly be very good during the commonwealth game next month, everyone will be too busy watching sport."
the old testament for-warns u of up coming event and how it all came to be. it like going to the end of the story and reading the last page...we need the old with the new to better understand and to encourage our faith.
"first you need a jigger to measure it out with. a jigger is a shot and a half, and a pony is a ahot. they are like two measuring cup welded bottom to bottom."
"the definition of 'selah' is pause. the meaning of 'selah' in the psalm is 'this is very important, take a moment to consider it.' the israelite used to clang the symbol to cause all to pause and focus."
"because you are not supposed to love anything in this world, aside from god..if you put something above or higher than god in your priority or in your life..that's when it becomes evil..most especially money!!! it's the mean of every selfish desire anyone could imagine(ex. leisure, pleasure)..this should not be so...for it turn u away from the original will of god for us."
ohh my first pregnancy i craved toblerone so bad. when the baby wa born my husband bought me a giant one. it wa like 3 inch tall.
"mean ""populous"" or ""flourishing"", derived from arabic amara ""to thrive"". umar wa a strong supporter of muhammad who became the second caliph of the muslims. he is considered to be one of the great founder of the muslim state. the name wa also borne by a 12th-century poet from persia, umar khayyam."
"before the time of jesus christ there were the ""jews"" and the ""gentiles"" there were probally more with regard to the native americans, myans, inca etc. however; the ""conflict"" occured because some of those in the jewish faith which at the time claimed you had to be born into the religion and at around the time of christ's departure some of the jew whom rejected christ a the ""massiah"" continued to follow the law of moses while some of the jew accepted christ and this wa the start of the new testiment in the bible and around that time christianity wa ""born"" the old testiment in the bible is the same a the koran in the jewish faith ( or very similar! there may be more detail however; this is the ""bulk"" that i am aware of!"
"not a thing. before christian appropriated it, easter wa a fertility festival, and it is clear how bunny and egg would factor into that. the paganism of the holiday never really went away, even after christian began calling it easter."
"body chemistry, perfumes, and diet will all have an impact on how bug are attracted to you.. . my wife ha this same complaint. the mosquito love her, but leave me alone. (personally, i think it's because she taste better than me.)"
"when two tectonic plate rub together(mostly at transform plate boundaries), pressure build up and is stored a potential energy. energy is released when the rock break, which release the potential energy a kinetic energy(energy of motion). the more freqently that earthquake occur in an area, the le damaging they are(energy is released before too much build up which make it le powerful). if energy is not released once in a while, the energy build up, creating more powerful earthquakes."
"the etymology of the word sincere is the latin sine=without cera=wax. sculptor who made mistake when carving marble would disguise the crack with wax. a sculpture which wa without these addition wa ""without wax""."
take away all the pas' money!!! yuck yuck yuck.
a. what is the prime reality and the primary source of truth? . the prime reality is spirit.
"this is one answer. however, the rather terrible curse may have had a more benign origin. much earlier in stage history, when superstition had a le frightening hold on the craft, actor and their follower used a more gracious greeting: ""may you break your leg,"" by which it wa meant that the evening's performance would be of such grandeur that the actor would be obliged to break his leg - that is bend his knee - in a deep bow acknowledging the audience's applause."
"you can go to a money exchange place. there are ton up and down oxford street (or you might be able to find a location online), you will need your passport."
"in matthew 27:15-26 it state that the jewish leader among the crowd persuaded the crowd to call for jesus's crucifixion instead of barabas's.. . an interesting theory that i've read is that some believed that barabas wa the messiah that the jew had been watching for to deliver them from the rule of the romans. i've not read anything to give that concrete validity, but it's an interesting theory."
i do not know why there is not a hungary option. it would be helpful for me a well.
"what else is there? it take knowledge to grow the food we eat. knowledge is needed for doing our jobs, maintaining our health, knowing our religion. everything in our life is based on knowledge and the more we know the better we are."
"xerxes who wa king to hadassa's queen wa persian, however his kingdom spanned most of the known world. in fact the queen esther replaced wa vashti ( obviously from india), and esther wa jewish, so i think any combination of any of these particular style of dress would make your costume historically accurate. the easiest thing to do ( which i suspect is what you're looking for) whatever you do finally decide to wear i suggest you wear an ohrni you know the indian head scarf. it's the one thing that wa common to the persian, indian and jewish style of dress at the time."
you got this from diablo 2 didn't you? ;) i think a diadem go around your head (kind of like a cleopatra type thing) and a tiara stick up (like what figure skater wear).
"< a cocktail is a short mixed drink originating in the united state and served a an appetizer. it generally ha a basis of gin, whisky, rum, or brandy combined with vermouth or fruit juice and often flavored with bitter or grenadine. it is blended by stirring or shaking in a vessel containing cracked ice. the term is also applied to nonalcoholic beverage served a appetizers, e.g., tomato juice cocktail, and also to mixed, cut-up fruit and to shellfish and oyster served with a sharp sauce."
because the government hasen't found a way to tax it yet!! just like alcohol and tabacco.
"doe it make sense to say that even though our body die, ""the dust return to the dust a it was...."" and our souls, purely spiritual, go back to gd, that the punishment is physical?? with no body to feel the heat of the hellfire, what is the hellfire all about?. . isaiah 66:24 speaks of those who were killed in war, and the 'worm that doe not end,' and the 'fire unquenched' is an expression of the vastnes of the desolation in this world, not a next life....."
"create a portfolio and cv, put them on a website and attract the attention. advertise."
direct access file system. go to the link below to learn more than i'd ever want to know about dafs.
"it's just a bit show-off time and a reinforcement of the social hierachy that seems to perpetuate schools, elevating the 'jocks/class clowns' and 'slutty popular bimbos' and depreciating anyone not in the former two groups.. . however it is fuel for many crappy american teen films... which i take pleasure in ripping to shreds..."
"after you have enjoyed a tasty cheeseburger at a cafe or diner,. you get up to go and leave some ""hush money"" in the hope that no one will tell what a slob you are."
if i knew where it came from i would give it to that person. if it wa a large sum of money i would give to police. if only small and no way to find out who owns it. i would take it but probably donate other money to a charity.
my answer: pamper him : ). my husband answer: get naked!
"you need to purchase ""the practice revolution: getting great result from the six day between lessons"" by philip johnston. i've referenced the book on amazon below. it clearly outline how music teaching often fails and how to correct it. step #1: learning how to be _perfectly_ specific in laying out what you expect to be completed in the next lesson."
"instead of mixing red and white, try to use quinacridone magenta and white. and do use zinc white rather than titanium white. and start with small increment of white until you achieve satisfactory result.. good luck"
babe usually go for jerks. . try to get that quality into your resume too.
"library of any type, school, public, university, etc. would love to have them. even if they are outdated they can sometimes be of use for research purposes. if nothing else they can resell them to be recycled and get money to buy new books!"
i would say denmark or a nordic country..they still think bear are holy. did you know that croissant weren't org french. marie antoinette (an austria) brought them to france with her. they are crescent shape to remind people of the victory over the turk
there - did you feel it? now is already gone.
this is the genealogy category. you would do better in a category devoted to business or charity. people in this category are interested in tracing their dead ancestors.
"grease and flour the pan well. spray oil work well, and so doe crisco, butter work but not a well. after pan is well greased put flour in bottom of pan and shake around until the pan is fully coated in white ( don't forget the sides) empty out excess flour and you are ready to bake"
"buy a box at the grocery store, follow the direction on the back. they're in the baked good aisle."
in a frying pan with a little butter. yummy!. microwaving ruin it.
"repentance mean turning away from sin. if a person belief everything that they do is alright, then what is there to repent from?. . repentance mean giving up a sin...not many people want to do that anymore."
this question already ha been answered in yahoo! answers.
education! simply because there is nothing that ha more bad consequence in all aspect of our society than ignorance!
"these fossil are from when the flood took place. the water and the sudden pressure perfectly conserved these piece of bone. we believe in dinosaur just not evolution. watch the videw ""answers from genesis"" this guy is excellent teacher"
moses and abraham had more than one wife. and they are in heaven with all the holy prophet
they haven't learned how to think. rational thinking overcomes emotion.
"mineral are usually added to water for flavoring. if no one added mineral to water, they would all taste the same. i'm sure you have a favorite water that you buy all the time, probably because it taste better than other water you've tried. that's because of the sodium they added."
"i've been. it's nice, but it's a complete rip off once ur there, coz it's a cornered market. u can't do nothing without shelling out, so take lot of cash. cheaper to spend twice the price, goto spain, and eat for nothing, oh, and the weather is better."
you need to get out and do more and start mingling with people maybe you will meet someone that you really like. love take time and you need to wait for the right one to come along before you decide to settle down. dont get down about being single just have fun and get out there and meet people.
"near the top of your screen should be a message that read ""hello jaxter_33 | points: <point number> | level: <level>"", click on your name to jump into your profile page.. . next click on ""edit my info"" which should be near where your picture would be. under the picture section select your ""yahoo avatar"" and then customize it with the link immediately below it.. . good luck and i can't wait to see which one you choose :-)"
"would you believe it.. there is a wiki about g-strings, complete with pictures! a g-string is a narrow piece of cloth or leather that pass between the leg and is attached to a band around the hips, worn a a bikini bottom or a underwear. the backside consists only of a string band. love it!"
"basically rye with caraway seeds. for recipies, just google kimmel bread; lot of rec are there."
"nowadays, blueprint are dsigned with special software like autodesk´s autocad. blueprint or instruction to build anything, from a screw or a sprocket to an entire building, are called blueprint because in the old days, they were made with a special kind of ink called ""heliographic blue"", therefore, if you want to make a ""blue"" blueprint, you need to get that kind of ink and paper first."
every politician is an artist. (its not easy to fool a nation without art. every artist is not a politician
"dunno. you'd think it would be wisconsin, since it the dairy state."
"a prayer shawl, or tallis a it is called in hebrew is worn fo rtwo reason 1) because when we pray to g-d we want to clothe ourselves in a special way, and that is throught the tallis. 2) a tallis is supposed to be large enough to cover the person, which symbolizes that the person is completely enclothed in his prayer."
"wow, januarybaby and sawmill are a couple of prime examples, huh? i don't understand why someone who doesn't drink would come to a place to answer question about alcohol. try the religion board, godboys."
"it's hard to describe, but i'd call it a ""sausage and seafood stew,"" usually with a lot of pepper. there's lot of other stuff in there (rice and okra and so-forth), but the shrimp and the sausage tend to be the dominant flavors."
"search with the keywords family crest.. it a pretty tough find. it took me hour and hour to find a site that had my my family crest, history and stuff. all the best, man!"
"what are your rule to life, or your code of ethics? add to that what you believe in spiritually and then your life experiences. . sum it up a your philosophy and then look in the mirror and say, ""this is me!"""
"greek word meaning mountain climbing, mountaineering.. the etymology is from the greek word oros = mountain and vaino = go, walk."
"medium is the plural of medium. a mean of trasporting or putting across to an audience some form of expression, be it music, movies, pictures, speech etc.. . in a more practical approach, in your pc medium are the file that contain music, movie and pictures.. . also medium are the tv channel and radio station through which message are being transmitted to the world."
what is your relationship to the mother?. have a sit-down talk with her or have an intervention.
"ask your parents,grandparents,aunts and uncles. when you find out how far back they can trace your root then you can look and see where they take you. you'll be surprised at where they lead."
"it appears to be a mis-spelling of hoisin. hoisin sauce is a sweet chinese sauce usually used for chinese savory dishes, but i could see using it in a brownie recipe."
"if you know that you are better than everyone around you then you may be overconfident. so if you are then try to consider yourself a a common person like everyone around you. and you can meet some people who are more clever , or more sporty etc so a to know your position . and remember that there is always someone inthe world who is better than you in one aspect or the other.. have a nice day ;-)"
this question is too complicated to answer without more details. much depends on why the person is (or you perceive them to be) your enemy. one answer is that it may not be possible and just move on. not everyone in this world is going to like you.
trying to wrap one is just not going to work out no matter what. get one of those party bag with a handle and scrunch some tissue paper in the bag around it. then add a bow and such on the outside.
"i have no idea what ""thes"" is... i don't even think it's a real word."
"""mark twain"" is actually a phrase sailor used many year ago when depth sounding the water (probably for riverboats)with a lead line.. . he is well known for many quotations."
"it is a slang term for a female sexual organ. it's origin are in india. (i don't know for sure, but it sound like it might be related to ""poon-tang"")"
"for one thing it ha to do with the 9/11 incident and some people think that all the muslim in this world were somehow in on it which is not true and secondly is because,unfortunately,we american like to poke fun and attack anyone who belief in religion and it a shame too.. i'm fully aware that here in the united state we have the freedom of speech and all but i have found that a lot of people here in the u.s.wants to go around abusing that freedom by attacking and ridiculing others beliefs.. i would like nothing better than to have religious police force that go around arresting people and fining and/or jailing those who mock and attack religious beliefs.. i think that the muslim ha such a police force in their country and i think america should have one too."
i always put oil in the water. also make sure you stir it alot. i use a wooden spoon to stir it with because wooden spoon really unstick food.
"black code wa a name given to law passed by southern government established during the presidency of andrew johnson. these law imposed severe restriction on freed slave such a prohibiting their right to vote, forbidding them to sit on juries, limiting their right to testify against white men, carrying weapon in public place and working in certain occupations."
since you asked this in philosophy and not medical your answer is:. . because.
"while the grill is hot, pour water on it and let is sizzle. scrape off what you can with a metal spatula, then turn off the heat and scrub with a scouring pad. you may want to use something, like the metal spatula, to hold the scouring pad a it will be hot."
"1/4oz sweet vermouth. 2oz scotch. pour vermouth in a mixing glass with ice than pour the scotch, stir then strain out into martini or stemmed cocktail glass, add a cherry garish"
because at first he found everything rather annoying but later on due to circumstance he found it more easy to sit and eat.........and now he is used to it and he is happy.. now he think why he tried to break the chain and get hurt when he is getting all the clap and cheer just by being in the cage!!!!!!. how pathetic...most of u are like that only
what doe this have to do with visual art?????
"if you are a college going girl, then choose the smart guy around who is friendly. if not try developing friend over coffee within your circle... else try your luck"
it a way of tryin to make themselves look better. if they blame the test for them gettin the question wrong then it not their fault for now konwin the answer.
"well...meds r so much fun becuause the effect they have on our bodies. i would know since just last nighti had to take a vicadin (my perscription), and it still make me feel like a million bucks."
"i used to be, the only positive to being negative, a pessimist, is that you tend to keep thing real and you don't get blinded by stupid thing or possibilities. there aren't many though, try changing."
"because their web designer wa an idiot? seems like pretty basic information to be included, i must admit. yes, telephone them, but then point out to the person you speak to that a phone call would not have been necessary if the web designer had been thinking."
"try to imagine your future without her. if you can't, she's the one"
because they are weak. those who can do those who can't bully.. the only way they can make themselves look good is to make others around them look bad...
the difference is one is packed in water and the other is packed in the fruit's juice. the one in the water is the best for you because it doe not contain any added sugar.
i wish it had been banned from juniou high school when i wa a kid.. . it wa the kind of book that wa forced on me by a goofy school system curriculum when i wa far too young to deal with it. it is a book that should be relegated to adult and not used to terrorize children.
their motif were to acquire a much land and a large a tax base a they could. they lived about 800 year apart in very different world and different lands. the goal of most political and military leader of both time wa essentially the same --- conquest.
"it's the ""gansta"" way of saying that yo' bros (friends, homies, buds, pals, whatever you want to call them) come before relationship (in this case ""hoes"" or girlfriends) - so like if the boyz want to go out and the girlfriend want the dude to stay in, he's going to choose his broes over his hoe.. . never said it wa nice - but that's the general premise."
"i believe it ha to do with formulation, although it's also interesting to realize that fanta produce a european version of their soda which contains actual juice. . . interestingly enough, pepsi marketed itself during the great depression in the u a rather a budget version of coca cola - 2 glass for the price of one sort of thing."
"because ancient technology of the early ifugaos ha made such an expanse of terraces. they showed the ingenuity of the early ifugao which made these to make their agriculture sustainable. the fact that crude tool were used to literally curve these out of the mountain and considering the engineering technique they used (including that for ""irrigating"" the rice), it is but fitting tribute."
who knows... i just know it supposed to be the seven day of the week! good question!
"you can use your yahoo id to use flickr. on the home page, you have the option to use either a flickr id or a yahoo one. choose the latter and enter."
"la parrillada simply mean ""the grill"", so technically it is a variety of different foods. grilling is used worldwide, but if you're looking for a more spanish oriented location that it could have originated from you'd probably consider south america, such a argentina, venezuela, etc.. i'm not sure if that's the answer you're looking for... good luck! :)"
"if this is the same thing a in lara croft movie, then it is illuminati.. . it is a cult in the movie of those who are learned in the science of astronomy and astrology in addition to other sceinces and art of the world."
"there are no regulation a to how much salt is in salted butter - it could have hardly any, but it can have a much a 2% salt in it, which work out to quite a bit. if you are trying to control your sodium intake, it's better to not use salted butter and add a much salt a needed.. . also, salt is a preservative, and butter with salt ha a longer shelf life. therefore, it's likely that the unsalted butter on the shelf in the grocery store is fresher than the salted counterpart right next to it."
"it doesn't contribute to the clash of civilizations. in fact, it is terrorist who cause the violent conflict we see in the world today. they oppose globalization because it mean pluralism and openness, while they cling to their narrow, fundamentalist views."
"the 'first' native american migrated from the north,and it is speculated they 'rebounded to the north,encountering later tribe and groups,causing conflict in their midsts.some may still be of record-apache vs.native mex-indio tribe into the 1700-1800's. many of the 'new' native worked soft metals-gold,silver and possibly copper-and developed mine where mineral trace led into the earth.i would tend to believe these people did not develop 'hard' metallurgy,as the technique were beyond access for mining,and thanks to bessemer,we (us conquering americans) only recently were able to produce steel,and tensile steel in any quantity."
the chemical in it from the food coloring. don't drink it and you'll never have to worry about getting stained. add some fresh pure fruit juice to purified water. taste great and good for you.
"because we have a conscience. unfortunately the christian just don't understand it. it is that sick feeling you get in your stomach when you are buying a bunch of stuff that you have no evidence for. and, when anyone come around and try to talk to them about it, that sick feeling get bigger and instead of re-evaluating their position they blame the sick feeling on your satanic influence."
what is a good question? answer that and you will find it.
different stroke for different folks. thing would be pretty dull if everyone thought and acted the same. gotta love diversity.
"i agree with the previous answerers, but would add a couple of things. if you have the money for the nj turnpike, it's faster and easier than following i-95 through the philadelphia area. also, there is a bypass around washington d.c. (i think it may be i-495, but am not certain) that will save you a lot of time if you use it."
"why you wanna get over addiction to chocolate??. chocolate help you feel relax... anyway, if you want to get over an addiction to chocolate, i think drinking juice everytime u want chocolate could help."
"if you are a seperate ministry (ie not linked to any other religious org) you may simply record the person a ordained in your church record thus making them legally ordained. a for the rite, that varies."
"it depends on what measure of ""how well"" you're looking for, and what you're gauging against (what dimension of perception you want to gauge). check out the google search below for various type of perception and method of measurement."
i know some turkish girls. i have never know that to be a true statement.
go to lowes or home depot. they have everything you need. resin and the sheet of fiberglass.
"yes, but you need to get gluten free rice flour. unfortunately what you need may be difficult and pricey. i suggest trying online health-food store. it is made just like regular pasta you just need the gluten free flour."
"crenation n.. 1. a rounded projection, a on the margin of a shell.. 2. the condition or state of being crenate.. 3. a process resulting from osmosis in which red blood cells, in a hypertonic solution, undergo shrinkage and acquire a notched or scalloped surface."
"there is so much the church can do. the church doe help those who can not afford being helped with such hospital that are existing with biblical names. the church is there for spiritual support and care, not financial health, it is one own duty to take care of thyself. don't give a man a fish, teach him how to fish."
"smirnoff ice is brewed using a malt base that give it a citrus flavored taste. there is no vodka in it, however, if you buy one outside of the us, it may contain vodka."
"sound like an abbr. of ""amerikanjin"" which is ""american (people/person)"" in japanese."
pray and ask god to show you the way. it is more reliable to ask god your question than any of us.
"from the greek gnosis (""knowledge""); a belief system that flousrished in hellenistic culture. it had a profound influence on christianity, particularly in the johannine tradition (ie, the gospel of john, the letter of john, the gospel of thomas). gnostic held that the physical world of matter wa corrupt and evil, and that salvation could be attained only through the embracing of the eternal goodness of the spiritual. .... staff.jccc.net/thoare/glossary.htm"
"correctly pronounced a ""beshparmak"" (or ""five fingers"" - a reference to the fact that you don't need a fork to eat it) is the traditional dish of kazakhs, which includes pastry, an onion souce and a mix of various sort of meat, cut in small (1cm x 1 cm) cube-shaped pieces. true, for the right mix you need smoked horse meet (called ""kazy"") a well a mutton. i don't think that beef can be an option, though you can certainly try. all element of the dish are cooked separately and are added together only when served."
"this observation is not true for all fresh immigrant from asia. but for the few to whom it could apply, i think it could one or many of the following:. 1.greater exposure to other culture heritages. 2.pre conceived notion that most people in this country are dumb probably due to hollywood, tv or political editorial in foreign press.. 3.inferiority complex and a scare set in their mind coming from east that they will be conned in the west and they have to always stay on top of the game and keep people at bay – so they try hard to sound smarter and up to the game."
"mostly older cultures, even ancient all had a differnet version of the same symbol. even new culture today adopted different symbol from older cultures, which in turn adopted symbol from even older cultures. hardly anything is new or original."
"first they put a bit of melted chocolate in the cup, blast a jet of air to get it on the sides, chill it a little, then pour hot peanut butter in the cup, and then seal it off with more chocolate.. . i saw it on the foodnetwork, but had an idea before that."
your portfolio is your saleman and your showroom. you need to have example of your work to show to potential employer and client that will demonstrate your ability and prove that you know how to do the work they require. organize it to appeal to each situation.
"good morning god_shew. we can have righteous anger when we see evil. we are angry about the sin against god. but that doe not give u the right to also sin in response....for example, if someone falsely accuses me, i do not have the right to get angry and falsely accuse them back..."
i would have them cared for by a professional art restorer if they are precious to you. you don't want to try someone's suggestion and have it make thing worse.
"you are all wrong. it is not rude at all, in fact it is an encouragement ""way to go."""
zionism started in the nintenth century. it wa a philosophy that called fot the recreation o the nation-state of israel. iran call the u a zionist country because they think we want israel to take over the rest of the middle east.
"lift every voice and sing wa written by a black man name james johnson, not a whiteman. a for effective on all people maybe because of the message it's sends. to me to really understand it mean to know about history of black in this country, i read a lot about african american history and i can understand why it's a emotional song, i still listen to it on yahoo music."
"it's not. people don't choose to be gay. i personally feel that if people view it a terrible, it's because they areclose minded."
"marine scientist use it for on-spot jelly fish stings. it suspends the receptor on the tentacle ultimatly ceasing the firing of the stingers. if someone get stung, they would pour vinegar on the spot until medical attention could be received."
"study about format for writing screenplay first. book is just text but in a screenplay you have to write in the dialogue, the sound effects, the lighting, the music and the kind of shot that you want for the camera."
co then they would not have much left to play with!!!!!. . and we all no how much priest like to play with thing even when they dont belong to them
"you are just like me! i hate it when people also say ""hey"" instead of ""hello"". i think people fall into these trendy slang saying which drive me crazy. think for yourself and show some originality."
there are many place to research surnames. click on the search linked below to get started.
"""folklorico"" is just the word ""folklore"" in spanish, which is the culture of a specific group... although in america, people tend to call mexican folkloric dance ""folklorico"". . . the correct way to refer to this type of folklorico would be ""ballet folklorico mexicano"", meaning mexican folkloric ballet (a theatrical presentation of dancing conveying the folklore of mexico), or plainly ""danza mexicana"" (mexican dance)."
"spring break will probably be better next year, that is if a hurricane doesn't hit like the previous one! we just got back from there...expect only about 5 awesome clubs, that are actually open, research the resort you would choose before hand, expect to get stopped every other second to try to buy something (remember to bargain on the streets!). there is a lot of renovation being done, a of february 26! expect not a lot of beach, palm trees, and construction noise."
"because without them, we'd have to go to adult toy store instead of supermarket to buy phallic shaped object - and that embarrasses a lot of people!!. . :p"
"the recipe for this campfire favorite first appeared in the publication tramping and trailing with the girl scouts, in 1927. they were called ""some mores"" up until the 1970's, when the treat name wa shortened to ""s'mores."""
"because of it strategic value at the mouth of the mississippi, the british occupied new orleans during the war of 1812.. . andrew jackson defeated a much larger british army in the battle of new orleans in the last battle of the war of 1812. ironically, the treaty ending the war had been settled just a few day before the battle, but in an era of slow communication, neither jackson nor the british army knew that the war had already ended."
"eva is from eve (the first woman). eve come from the hebrew for ""to breathe"" or ""to live"". . evangeline come from the greek meaning ""good news"""
"when library were first introduced, tamed lion were kept out side them and attacked, on librarian's command, people who brought their book late and/or damaged it. unfortunatly it's not legal anymore so they have statue to implicate the tradition."
"actually, a drop of white vinegar work wonders! i wa taught that by a german chef when i first started and wa working a breakfest buffet line in a casino.bon appitite"
"how do you know that criss angel's levitation gimmick is something that you can build? you'd do it with a winch and a couple of straps. or, you could learn to master kundalini engergy and then you wouldn't need a winch and some strap to levitate, because you'd be able to do it on your own!"
it's made from glucose and licorice powder. licorice is a legume (similar to beans) so the extract of this plant is probably what cause it.
"well, school teach reading and writing, and i still see people spelling like first-graders! . . why should kid pay attention in sex-ed if they aren't paying attention in english?"
"well if you meant old day before the invention of tv ,airplanes ,motorized ship .you will have a different ansrwers. in the past culture were isolated far from each others until trade and need for food and other vital need start to move population to farther place where these community met other community and not only good and material thing are traded knowledge of new idea ,thoughts and in some case ,wars between tribes, lead the winner to gain cultural idea ,they i mean humain immigration through hunger or commerce or drought lead the humain community to intersect and social religious ,economical thinking ,languages had to meet and today we are dissolved almost in a huge village called planet earth ."
"you mean the eye of ra?. . if so, it is a spiritual symbol of the ancient egyptian religion."
"john ruskin's philosphy preached on the 'evils of industry', saying everyone should return to a simple agricultural way of life. he wrote of the evil of the capitalist economy in his book ""unto this last."""
it's just superstition left over from year ago when people actually believed in this stuff. like throwing salt over your (right or left????) shoulder for good luck. : )
"jaclet with a t-shirt underneath, dres pant and decnet shoes. if it is upscale, leave the khaki and jean at home. if you are a tie guy, go for it, but if it isn't your style or will make you uncomfortable, leave it out."
"hot, hot ,hot :). erh.... it's dry (hot) season in april! so, you wanna soak yourself in the pool, in bali?. have fun!"
"in the bible, 18 year of jesus life is missing. why didnt they write about his life between the age af 12 & 30?. how can we trust the people who wrote the bible with only half a story?"
it would be easier to build a chimenea. go to lowes or home depot and look at them. you don't need mortar.
"mybe you are allergic to something in it. if it doe that to you, why do you drink it? and please see a doctor in case it is something serious."
"if you have a lick of sense - you will know this is b.s. and don't worry about it. if you think you have been, do something to improve your iq. that will make it go away."
just start by saying all the good thing about this girl you're into. keep telling her what she like to hear. poof you got a date!
"cajuns: okra, shrimp, crawfish. btw, i just love froglegs!"
"by winning the annual green card lottery. 50,000 green card are given out in the lottery annually. you have to see if your coubtry is eligible though. some country are not eligible like china, india, pakistan amd a few others."
"yep, sombulldog2003's information is exactly correct. btw, it's a very popular male name in the uk, especially england."
"optical telescope collect light, radio telescope send out a radio signal and translate the signal bounced back into images. optical telescope are le accurate because there is too much ambient light, clouds, dust and distortion."
because when a guy give chocolate to a girl... it's just a symbol of bein' sweet and caring... hapi valentines!!1
legend ha it that a pop is heard when a soda container is open. that's when cork were use before the modern caps.
what i would like to know is: why is this stupid ??? doing in the religion section?
"march is fairly wild in ireland and you are likely to get all four season in this month. it is spring though so there should be a lot of growth to trees, grass and wild flowers. the west coast is good for the more rugged look and the east side of the country for flora and fauna, though co kerry ha an abundance of indigenous red deer and other animals. all around the coastline you will find plenty of sea bird and marine mammals."
"in ancient rome, the gen (pl. gentes) wa a term used to refer to a clan, or group of families, that shared a common name (the nomen) and a belief in a common ancestor. in the roman naming convention, the second name wa the name of the gen to which the person belonged."
"they are very positive thoughts. sound like you were feeling really good and powerful when you wrote them. when you are not feeling so enthusiastic, it nice to know that god asks u just to do the best we can.. there is a whole community out there and god ha given u lot of time, so one good step at a time is more my motto."
read and find out. who is jesue any way?
"written like this it ha no meaning, it's not said like this.. it would have to be 'bonne terre' then it mean ' good ground (in the meaning of earth, soil)."
"hippy appeared in the 1960's in a laid back culture with a message of peace and love.... they had no responsibility and it wa a restful wonderful experience to be involved with each others life and homes.... peace and love, music, incense burning, magical light and poster and candle burning and lava lamps.... i would love to go back myself..."
the above answer is correct. monophysite were some of the first christian heretics.
"the sacrament of reconciliation is in place for u to be forgiven of our sins, the priest who hears your offense wa put here by christ himself when he gave the key to peter and told him ""what he hold bound here on earth will also be held bound in heaven..."" the priest forgives through christ within him.as for believing in it... i have to say i do because in general people feel better when they talk about their wrong to get it off their chest so to speak and i think that wa ingrained into u by god."
"there are different type of birdflu. they are just like flu to human, except bird get it, normally. most birdflu are harmless to human, but over the last couple of year it wa discovered that the h5n1 string of birdflu can cause death in human. that's what the fuzz are about nowadays."
"why act in such a violent manner. if a woman made an advance, would you react by wanting to beat the crap out of her?"
"get a magic marker and let your creativity flow!. . oh, and if you're blonde, don't forget to have some white-out handy in case you have a goof."
she wa glass and now she ha had plastic surgery. (perhaps liposuction)
"you mean now or in general?. . in general it is very nice - the winter can be unpredictable because of the closeness to the mountain can be cold one day, warm the next"
"people don't misjudge, they judge. dress is the quickest way to communicate/express yourself."
"depending on religious beliefs, the ""spirit"" could be the source, the guide, the creator, founder, etc.. . it could also mean life, or living substance, considered independently of corporeal existence; an intelligence conceived of apart from any physical organization or embodiment; vital essence, force, or energy, a distinct from matter"
"no, it doesn't rot, it's just that the oxygen in the air oxidises some of the ingredient in the vodka. it's not very clever to drink anything which ha been left uncovered for a few days. the difference in taste could be due to dust, dirt and insect dropping which have settled in the liquid. most lieky however, it's just the oxidation of the ingredients."
"ignore that other answer, he doesn't understand what you're talking about.the more and deeper you pray and get closer to god he will show you vision if you really desire it.just ask him. i have many time in my life."
"i watched my sister-in-law do a jelly roll at christmas and the whole thing seemed fairly easy. after she rolled the cake in a towel to cool, unrolled it, spread the filling and the rolled it again she added a little extra filling (she wa using a cream cheese filling) right along the outer edge. she then wrapped saran wrap around the whole thing and set the roll with the edge side down. by the time she served it, it had set and there were no problem with the seam coming undone."
"there is a pledge in the pledge of allegiance, making you pledge or promise to support the usa, then there is a pledge when you go to college and ""pledge"" to a sorority if you're a woman, or a fraternity, if you're male. these are social and academis group within a university. i think they're terrible and promote elitism, which the usa already ha enough of already"
"the roman empire wa in decline, weakening from within and being assailed by invaders. nero (and others) decided to blame christian for the decline (and eventual collapse) of the roman empire because they didn't bow to the state religion (which wa very tolerant of other religions, a long a you worshipped caesar along with whatever other god you had)."
"rose are red,. violet are blue,. sugar is sweet, and so are you."
wtf heny. astral travel occurs when two negativly charged lanmcb451-20's come in close contact with positive charged olx7/085-2rw.. the resulting haze can be seen from a long distance so proper eye protection is required
"to respect the dead.. . also, in the state where i live it is against the law to show the dead(like car accident victims) without permission of the family. news camera and such nearly always beat the family to the scene. and besides you would have to be pretty cruel hearted to ask someone who just lost a loved one violently if you could photograph the body."
use the phonebook. or if you hav a mac and you have the dashboard feature it ha a phone book that look this stuff up.
the story of art by e.h gombrich is highly reknown but is rather weighty. . way of seeing by john berger is a very good easy to read book on the basis of examining art.
going to school won't stop you from producing authentic and original art. it will just expand your potential and give you extra information/tools to use in your career a an artist. never turn down a chance to learn something. it enhances your entire life in one way or another.
with rock salt you need an ice cream maker. the rock salt go on an outside container and actually just help the ice melt
"i play the clarinet and i know that when it is broken dont repair it yourself, take it to a music shop like muzet or american music to have a profesional person repair it. i hope that help you!"
just get instant nestea. it not great but it's tea.
it creates awareness of the brand and when the customer next go to the shop - he is familiar with the product - hence higher chance of buying it versus completely unknown product..as such it influence customer behaviour.. . also advertisement can appeal to people of certain lifestyle to look for that product...
"study, study, study. it is no coincidence they are also known a ""the wise"". only through your own research will the uncovering of hidden knowledge occur, and your own power grow."
"i do not think it is part of their religion to preach and share. however, in christianity, we are exhorted by jesus to preach the gospel and to save those who listen and believe. the gospel is free."
"the key ingredient is papaya, believe it or not. accent brand tenderizer contains papaya extract. so get some dried papaya and shred it. hope this helps."
"based on what i have read, hinduism ha been influenced culturally, socially, and spiritually by any country that ha ever invaded india. hinduism is a very tolerant religion, one that incorporates other religious belief into it original doctrine. hindu believe that each of u is destined toward the same place, and we each have our own unique pathway in getting there. hindu do not believe that other religion are wrong in any sense and they do not understand the intolerance of the same religion that they themselves are naturally accepting of."
"capitalism function on the basis of minimizing labour costs, and in developing countries, labour wage can't be any lower. hence, they are perfect target for multinationals."
"i agree..whites seem to be the only race that it is okay to make racist comment about. where i live they have a debutant ball and it is only for blacks...and the the mexican have lulac which is only for latins. but, if you are white...you can not have an organization that is for white only.....go figure!"
im sure every one say that they just want to contact them. but look at how many people would go crazy.
"human expend energy, so they need to eat to replenish that energy. what they eat is mostly determined by what their ancestor have eaten because that is what their digestive system have become most accustomed to."
"jrr tolkien created some fictional language when designing the fantasy world of middle earth.. . ""the first element is presumably sindarin ara 'noble, kingly'"""
"what do you mean, exactly? you want to journal but not make it obvious on the page? if that's the intention, place a pocket or envelope on the page. journal onto a tag or piece of cardstock that will fit into the pocket or envelope and place the journaled piece in the pocket or envelope."
"there is an old native american myth that say that if you hear an owl hooting outside your window or dwelling 3 night in a row that is a sign saying your death is coming. that is where it come from, like the banshee myth in ireland."
"sheba is an ancient kingdom, referred to in the bible (see 1 king and 2 chronicles) and in the qur’an and which modern archeology speculates wa located in present-day ethiopia or yemen . most story are about the queen of the country."
what exactly are you saying here? book are copy written and cant be posted or used with out the author permission. check your local library. also check out copy write law.
the problem is that you and we don`t understand their principels and their society so we only can aprove their values. in this way you shou them that you have nothing against them
just rub it with olive oil. or any oil and heat it till the light come on(or off). let it cool thats it.
doe your college have a system of greek life? i went on to the website and it doenst seem that they do however you might be able to join one at a school your college is affilated with or if you are plaining on going to another college later...
"check the net for australia visitor bureau. also look for camping in the ""outback"". some travel agency and or tour company also have such info.. good luck. and if you are planning a trip god bless you on your adventures!"
"imagine you are working on your car. do you want to put the piece back in a logical order, or just throw them together randomly?"
"most of the question in every category are pretty stupid. you've got to wade through them a little bit and separate the wheat from the chaff, but i think it's worth it.. . i'd also point out that one of the beautiful thing about ya is that anyone can post thought-provoking questions. if you're down on the quality of questions, it's up to you to raise the bar."
"i don't know why, but answer like the one above still rub me the wrong way.. pb recently ran a series about a group of people who tried to live like those in jamestown.. the site below might help:"
well try the phone book it ha many usefull places!!
because god gave you life and you took it away with your free will in a disrespect for what god gave you.. . or just for the church to discourage suicide because they wanted 10% income back when the catholic church ruled.
hang them upside on a string away from the wall lightly spray with airspray when it is a bloomed ha you'd like to preserve. thats it. it add a nice frosted or glossy look and it last for year just put in a glass vase.
"mardi gras is a huge celebration right before lent. it pretty much a big party that last for about two week with fat tuesday being the biggest day.its a celebration filled with balls, parades, parties, etc... and on fat tuesday, everybody chill downtown and walk around and party and stuff. a lot of people come down with family and friend and barbecue and just party. im speaking for the mobile people..."
"legalize them all... that'll eliminate the use by thoes who just want to be rebelious... be honest about them... most people don't buy into the b scare-tactics propoganda the government is trying to feed us, and decide to ""discover"" the truth by personaly experimenting with them... then they get adicted, have dificulty quiting, and possibly die.... . legalize ibogane! it ha a unsual ""side-effect"" of blocking the nuroreceptors that cause the sysmptoms of withdrawl..."
to keep ur junk from falling off in the john when you go to urinate....many std's out there...to many to count...and if it leaks.....she'll be calling! good luck
"society determines bad words, which is why some word are only bad in when said in front of certain people. the word ""bloody"" is considered foul in england, but not here unless you know it is bad there."
medical and health benefit are covered seperately through medicare.. . retirement benefit are based on the amount of money you've contributed to the system during your working years. it's not a set amount. the link to the social security administration website below will take you to a benefit calculator online where you can input whatever number you have and see a theoretical benefit estimate.
"jesus wa someone who went against all the belief that the jewish people have. the jewish people do not recognize him a a proohet, g-d, great teacher, or any other worthy title anyone might come up with for him, and on the contrary in his name the ""holy church"" burned thousand of jew on the stake in spain in the time of the inquisition, hundred of thousand of jew were murdered all over europe in the time of the crusades, and in modern day history six million jew were killed in the holocaust while the pope didn't utter one protest. and this is all in the name of a ""loving prophet-g-d-teacher"" etc. for more detail and for information on what the the jew do believe a messiah see the link below."
not all living thing can move. plant for instance. or me on a week-end morning... :)
"good and evil are meant to exist in this world. howsoever we try to back up good to defeat evil, evil will always exist."
"a ""tweeker"" is someone who is regularly on, specifically, methamphetamine (as in crystal-meth, glass, ice, etc). someone who ha been smoking weed is ""stoned"". someone who ha been smoking crack is ""based-out"" the three different terms, a the three different highs, are mutually exclusive (that mean that they have nothing to do with each other)."
*shrugging my furry shoulders* rent have a bad habit of thinking age/experience make them the all knowing one. and often are right on things.. . but one can never get trapped into that thinking (as i remind myself often with my own pups) a that lead to stupid mistakes...
"because they've only been around since 1993. now that mcdonald's is backing them, the growth rate is increasing."
"the brotherhood of friend is a fairly small ""secret society"" type non-profit fraternal order, which wa incorporated in 1935 and is local to spokane, washington. they were apparently sued in 1952 for violating the state of washington's law governing gambling. they seem to still exist, operating at least one lodge in spokane."
"it is a latin expression meaning ""at first sight."" it is often used to describe a calim, proposition or piece of evidence that is sufficient to prove a particular proposition or fact. in other words, it mean thing at appear to be true at first glance."
the world we live in is twisted. only god almighty can tell u what is right and what is not. let god almighty judge u all when the time ha come for u to face our creator.
"this can also be spelled coarse joking...i've seen it both ways. it is basically joking that is dirty, obscene, sexual, or us foul language. basically the same thing that are forbidden in regular speach, it is saying not to do here. don't resort to the humor of the world and make fun of the weak, helpless, hurting and also don't resort to worldly sexual or dirty humor."
"""mai"" mean ""from"".. ""ka"" is a definite singular article.. ""lani"" mean ""heaven"".. . so your name mean ""from heaven"".. maikalani is part of my niece's hawaiian name."
why dont you try lime juice than wine. suit your personality. bland and pale. get lost never ask again
"the name belfast originates from the irish béal feirste, or the mouth of the farset (feirste is the genitive of the word fearsaid, ""a spindle""), the river on which the city wa built. interestingly, the river farset ha been superseded by the river lagan a the most important river; the farset now languishes under the high street in obscurity. bridge street indicates where there wa originally a bridge across the farset."
"let put this question to a vote, and see which one of these great answer wins. what do you say?"
"the hottest chilli is now the tezpur chilli from india. the habanero rank at 577,000 scoville units,but the tezpur ha a rating of 855,000. this chilli is said to trigger heart attacks."
ignorance. fear. sterotyping. trying to feel better about themselves.
it's pretty darn fat. you don't need to eat it every day.
the fat one is for good luck whereas the other one is used for religious purposes.. . hope it help u
"try not to let others effect that emotion, and except that people are mostly selfish, and mean, and into themselves.. . this is a sad truth we all must accept, because to a certain extent, we all that way."
"i understand that little thing get overlooked by tired, careless or lazy employees. try having a major pow-wow, pointing out what need to be done, the thing that are being done right and tell the staff that the customer are paying everyone's bill and rudeness will not be tolerated.try getting new counter people if rudeness to customer is still a problem. and keep on everyone to clean in their spare time."
"it's not wigi board to start with, it's ouija board. and it can be simple or complex depending on what you want. go to the following links, they will show you how to do it. but be careful what you are doing..."
"vodka is just pure grain alcohol. different brand may have trace amount of other substance in them that give them a flavor different from their competitors.. . a for making it, you need a license to distill alcohol. distilling without license is commonly known a ""moonshining"" and you'll end up with revenuer knocking on your door."
"try making the hallway a zigzag.. keep in mind that ""{t}he apartment were so irregularly disposed that the vision embraced but little more than one at a time. there wa a sharp turn at every twenty or thirty yards...."" . make sure to mark east and west, a the room at ""the eastern extremity"" wa blue and ""the western or black chamber"" had the red windows.. good luck!"
"indian have a tradition and a practice.. they follow the rule ""atithi devo bhava"" meaning guest is equivalent to god. this applies to all the guest of india which include the white man and is not a sign of fear or lack of self confidence...."
i used to make mini pizza on bagel or english muffins. just put some sauce on the english muffin (or bagel) then some cheese and whatever topping you like. microwave them until the cheese melt and you have mini pizzas! :)
urban consolidation is a flux of people moving from le urban or rural area to cities. in coincides with a trend called new urban-ism where city develop round the clock service and alternate living space like loft that allow them to be closer to where they work and play. you can get a lot more information on this from your state historical commission or main street program.
"sensation is akin to being whacked up the back of the head with a 2x4.. . perception is akin to watching someone else get whacked up the back of the head with a 2x4.. . the difference is one of first hand experience v the rationalization of the experience, something that doesn't necessarily require being whacked up the head yourself to understand the simple fact that it's gonna hurt."
"gas station cappuccino is not real cappuccino. generally they use a powdered mix and run hot water through it, like hot chocolate. real cappuccino is made from espresso coffee and steamed milk."
i deserve to win the lottery because i would not let it spoil me or change the person i already am. i really would continue to live the life i do now but i would be in the position to help my family and friend out financially and to spend my time on good cause and voluntering rather than working at a paid job.
"help me! (this is where the expression ""mayday"" asking for help come from, by the way, it is colloquial grammar, not book grammar, and is used to cry for help.)"
"catholicism is the original christian church, founded at the time of christ. catholic follow the pope a the successor of st. peter, and also believe in asking saint in heaven to pray for them (much a they might ask a friend). the church also ha more tradition than most christian denominations, since it ha existed for so long."
because you love it a much a i do!!
i believe that some people turn to religion to find some sort of comfort. inner peace if you will.
"agriculture - products: grain, sugar beets, sunflower seeds, vegetables; beef, milk . . you can get more information in the link below."
"study prove that if you flash a dark room with a bright light for a split second, red object stand out to the human mind and eyes. because it is is more important that you stop than go at an intersection, you are more likely to see a red light if you are distracted."
"who say that someone can't be a perfectionist. a perfectionist is only a person who strives to find the best in everything, not necessarily a person who is actually perfect. a perfect person is different from a perfectionist."
"tell me!. but it is in the third person form. so my guess is that it should be translated a ""please tell me"" - a polite form. otherwsise, it should be just ""dit moi""!"
it's part of a national campaign to educate woman about heart disease. they encourage people to wear red in support. they say back pain can be a symptom of a serious heart problem in women. i'd also check with the american heart association.
"you should be writing note down in class. if you haven't been then ask one of your friend if you can copy theirs on this occasion, but make sure in fur=ture you take your own note a it can often be difficult to understand someone el notes."
"this happens because the side bake faster than the middle, a they are in constant contact with the hot pan. a the side set, the leaveners continue to push the almost center higher, causing a dome and/or a crack across the top from the pressure. the center set last during baking."
"""a klediment can be almost anything that ha earned a right to be a part of thing close to you. it can be precious antique furniture gathered from grandmother, piece of china, little handmade doilies, the straw mat on your floor, or the pricilla curtain you made yourself. a klediment can be a thing you love.a klediment can be a thing you just won't throw away.a klediment can be a person dear to you."" from the ""dictionary of american regional english,"" volume 1 by frederic g. cassidy (1985, belknap press of harvard university press, cambridge, mass., and london, england)"
"travel wholesaler purchase a large amount of unused hotel rooms, airline seats, or cruise space at a highly discounted rate and sell it to the public at a discounted rate. i work in a hotel and we use wholesaler all the time to sell our hotel room in the slow season."
"if your bad reputation ha spawned from something that put a damper on your life, then maybe it should be removed, bad reputation usually have some truth to it.however if your rep ha been created from something that should not be chastised, be your self and those who doesn't accept you for you don't deserve to be your friend anyway. i know this is easier said than done but pretending to be some one you are not will make you very depressed and lonely.just be truthful!"
"the reason i believe in god is because i have a love in my heart for everyone, even those that hate me and call me names. i don't want to see anything bad happen to them. god is love, and i have love in my heart."
"take up yoga. i wa skeptical at first but by the end of your first month you will say ""wow"""
"they are nervous, or bored and need something to do, or they want to annoy the person next to them or taunt them. please rate mine the best answer!"
"thane is a middle english, from old english “thegn” meaning male of military age (often used in context to mean freeman, nobleman, military vassal or warrior). in anglo-saxon england, the term wa usually used to denote an individual ranking above an ordinary freeman and below a nobleman. in scotland, the term wa reserved for a landed feudal lord or baron.. see reference below:"
"1. extreme pride in the history, culture and successes, etc of one's nation; loyalty to one's nation; patriotism.. 2. extreme or fanatical patriotism.. 3. a policy of, or movement aiming at, national unity or independence."
"that is a very unfair analogy, like saying all gay molest kids. it is patently untrue. what it is is that these being going into an area of work that brings them in direct contact with kids. they are animal in human skin."
zeus is like the ultimate god. poseidon is his brother and he the god of the sea.
tilt the glass at about a 45 degree angle and poor with the beer bottle close to the glass. the beer will run down the side and not foam up a much.
yeah the above is a good one. you can also use a can of chicken and a can of mix vegies and a can of cream of chicken soup and half can of water...salt and pepper.. i have even put mashed potato spread on the bottom....that wa good.
"sex is a myth. baby come from the baby store, silly."
"there is no reason for that except society's insecurities. i am talking about all around, because while i totally agree with you, i get called a cracker way too much... would be nice for all stereotype to dissapear because an upstanding black guy and an upstanding white guy, are both good enough to have the respect of others."
"it wa added to revelations. satan did not exist in the bible, a he doe today, until king james. infact some believe that most of revelation ha been changed, added to, etc."
you get to make alot of money. almost no overhead whatsoever.
"it is a paradox, but it is the only thing anyone can do. you can try to live someone else´s dream or lives, but in doing so, you make them ""yours""."
a style of art that started around the 1600s in rome then spread through out europe. it wa if ancient rome and greece encountered later medieval europe.
"for one, it's just a bad time of the year. try going to a better store than the local bi-lo."
"one of the key factor in the renaissance wa a new interest in learning and scientific enquiry, something which had been discouraged by the church a the keeper of god's truth.. . in the field of painting and sculpture this meant new effort to represent the natural world accurately, leonardo da vinci studied anatomy partly a a way to better understand, and so better describe the human figure when painting and drawing. other artist explored the mathematical basis of perspective."
"um not all people with glass are perverts. i wear glass for my whole life, and i am not a pervert."
"significance of the palm tree, like most other phenomenom attributed to the romans, did not originate with them but can be traced back to ancient egypt. the date palm is called phoenix and it is no coincidence that this is the same name given to the mythical bird which wa resurrected from the ash of the fire which consumed it, and which symbolizes immortality. in ancient egypt, the date palm wa an motif of ammon ra, the goddess of life, and the palm wa the symbol of longevity and renewed life. date palm seed have been discovered in the excavated tomb of pharoah king and queens."
i didn't get it. could you please elaborate it
boil some water. add crab boil (you can find it on spice aisle at the grocery store). add the crawfish.
"it is the browning of sugars, proteins, and starch resulting in a more complex texture and flavor. i use this principle when i make chili. i put tomato paste in the pan i used for browning the meat and cook the past until it’s a deep mahogany color. it add a lot of flavor and color to the pot."
"unfortunately, it's one of those thing where the origin of it's use aren't exactly clear. however, one theory exists that say that the irish word for ""uncle"" is ""anacol"" which mean ""act of protecting; deliverance; mercy, quarter, safety."". . that's a good of a theory a any."
taking the piss and taking the mickey are both english phrase that mean - to mock or deride.. . are you taking the piss = are you making fun of me?
"only those that have the answer seem to reply those that don't have a clue come up with the prior ones, your slightly to young to remember when santa cruz go skate (skate shop) wa first started, but the best never rest & keith butterfield, the lint boys, & biobob were the best skater around. just remember, there are no stupid question only stupid answers-granmaskater that still us her bavariansuedekryptos to this day-skateratsrule2totallynarly"
oh my poor child. why ever would you want to ruin your life like that?
"i think it's got something to do with where you're race started out from. for example, african tended to have very dark skin because their skin had to protect itself against the harsh sun and winds. so a well a being genetic in the passing down of skin colour, it's got something to do with where your ancestor lived. that's my opinion anyhow."
why would you be asking this? only professional would be doing this and in the wrong hand you can burn yourself very bad! go take some class or read up on the subject.
"be nice, sincere, outgoing, polite. (boys like that too!) *hint, hint*"
rinse with cool water then place in a boiling pot of water until pink. usually 5-7 mins. viola dinner
"this is how u speak directly to someone .."" hay whats up girl?"" now answer this q, then im gonna answer one of your q""s, and we juss keep doing that and thats how we abuse the system to make this a chat room."
man that would have be the easiest time to grab a honey and party. a woman on valentine day alone is ready to slit her wrist....get out there and ring hell's bell.i know you have it in ya..... . otherwise ....one word for ya stripclub hoe need lovin too.
"are you talking about when jesus rose from the dead, then after that how did he die? if that is what you mean, then he did not die this second time, but ascended to heaven."
anyone can be captured by a cult. i think they are lonely.. they should get a cat instead.
"because christian are the most intolerant religious group there is. if someone mention alah, arab, or muslem to you, how do you feel towards them?"
"because all lot of people are not a open minded a others and some don't have the mental power to do that.. it is meant to be this way, this is how we are to live and survive right now, until a new plan is made"
incoming tide is freedom and grace. it is not destructive rather replaces law with love. accept his gift now while the time is still ripe.
"her favorite flower is the best bet...dont buy rose just cause of the day. it's expected, go a different route and get her.... her favorite flowers...mine are stargazers! change it up and be mroe thoughtful...costco ha greattt price on flower"
"from shanghai, find your way to qingdao by train or bus and then take a ferry to incheon. after you've arrived in incheon, take a bus to seoul. that's the cheapest way, i could think of.. . if you're thinking of getting there by airplane, i would recommend you to get a cheap flight from shanghai pudong airport to busan, gimhae airport and from busan, buy the cheapest train ticket to seoul."
"strong parental role-modeling.. a deep spiritual faith.. positive peer role-models.. being informed on the negative effect of immoral influences.. a structured lifestyle with clear and present boundary on certain activities.. and last but not least, a father with a big mean dog and a shotgun.."
"to quote wikipedia ""clause 2 wa designed to ensure that there would never be a period of time when the senate could not assemble for a session, and would permit the gradual alteration of the senate along political line parallel to that of the house of representatives."" note that the 17th amendment changed this original section of the constitution."
"many people believe that if they choose to check that ""yes"" box on their driver's license, that they will not get adequate medical care in a trauma situation. . . of course, that's an urban legend."
satan wa one of the being god created.he wanted to be god also.god kicked him out of heaven with a third of the angels.see isaiah chapter 14 staring at verse 12. we are not angel nor will we become one ever.we have the free will to choose to worship god or satan
"probably for the same reason that you have poor spelling. the word is spelled ""grammar"", not ""grammer""."
"my guess is that it's pretty profitable. when you calculate what you pay per pound of cereal and compare that to what you pay for meat, i think most of u would be surprised at how much we really pay. i won't pay more than $1.69 for a pound for boneless, skinless chicken yet i don't hesitate to pay over $3.00 for a pound of cereal. i think it's safe to say that the cereal maker aren't hurting for profits."
because it's a different culture. why do american nod when they say yes?
"inter (two-way) view ( see each other/meet up ). so it mean that you communicate with each other, normally a q&a session involved, during the meet-up. it can be formal or informal."
"one day i wa watching the movie in the link below, it's for the minister and the priest who converted to islam. one of their reason wa the bible itself, for more detail you can check the movie ;). i know i didn't answer your question, but the movie will do better."
"most chef wear pant that are black and white checks, because the check hide spills, grease and other cooking mess that take place in any busy kitchen. the towel or kerchief tied around a chef's neck is used to wipe away sweat that build up in a hot kitchen. i should add that some of my chef friend tell me that with today's air-conditioned kitchens; a lot of chef just wear the knotted towel to ""look good."""
"i assume you mean pentagram, since a pentagon is rarely used when it not part of the geometic design of a five-pointed star.. . see link below for an excellent article on the history and meaning of this occult symbol."
momigami (crumpled paper) is so cool.. . the japanese sometimes use it to make clothing.. . here is a link explaining a simple way to make it.. . i want a momigami shirt!
"in roman mythology, faustulus wa the shepherd who found the infant romulus and remus, who were being suckled by a she-wolf, known a lupa, on the palatine hill. he, with his wife acca larentia, raised the children."
"when you see something happen, it is coincidental because it is happening in real time. same with hearing or doing. you can participate in an incidence, or just merely observe. seeing it is the visual part."
because girl brain and mind is growing faster than men and so you feel that they are complicated but they don't. example when a girl is of age 20 her mind is like a man in 25 or 26 year old
i don't know.. . but i didn't know satan's first name wa 'al.' interesting...
"maybe because it is the oldest ""profession"" known to mankind, if you want to call it that!!"
"it is located in the constellation canis major. it name come from the latin sīrius, from greek σείριος (seirios, ""glowing"" or ""scorcher""). a the major star of the ""big dog"" constellation, it is often called the ""dog star""."
a similar question... here is the link. i think it applies.
"""to keep the station on the air, wyah decided to produce a special telethon edition of the show. for the telethon, robertson set a goal of 700 member each contributing $10 a month, which wa enough to support the station. robertson referred to these member a the '700 club' and the name stuck."""
"this is a product of apple computers.pocket-sized ultralight hard-drive based device. includes technical specifications, video clips, interactive demo, and availability information.for the detail you can access the link given"
"i don't know personally, but i could ask my uncl. he's a lawyer up there for i think a collage in that town."
"genuki is a good place to start. you could try a post on genforum, too.. . there must be a web-based phone book for scotland, somewhere, if you are looking for livng relatives. there are at least two for the usa."
i always have nice green brocolli when i use my microwave rice steamer. i got it a meijer. it ha this pointed bottom with support leg and you fill it with water until it just reach the bottom of the basket that go inside and pop it in the microwave for about two minutes!
"anatomy plain and simple, and because woman aren't overly communicative in bed they assume men should just know where to point and shoo t without direction which is impossible a every woman is structured different. so woman tell em' where to go and they will get there! i know my anatomy very well and can turn a woman into a cry mess by the time i'm done but alot of guy don't know their a&p, why should they if it's not in their job spectrum? so just speak up lady and i'm sure it will enhance your sex life."
"pul·vil·lus (pl-vls). n. pl. pul·vil·li (-vl) . a soft, cushionlike pad on the foot of an insect, such a the housefly, by which it cling to a surface"
"the process church of the final judgement wa a religious cult that flourished in the 1960s and '70s, founded by the englishman robert de grimston moor and maryanne maclean. it originally developed a a splinter client cult group from scientology, so that they were declared ""suppressive persons"" by l. ron hubbard in december 1965. in 1966 the member of the group underwent a social implosion and moved to xtul on mexico's yucatan peninsula, where they developed a theology. ..."
no but it the fastest and most up to date... a lot of book are out of date and not up to speed. =) no one ha time to read book anymore (well most teen anyway) i read all the time lol) plus they want to hear from their peer not professional most kid dont trust adult =)
"they do it on computer to do it live would be hard, you could use makeup and get clothes in diferant shade of grey. black and white the same with the set and i think diming the light would help"
"french for blue sugar, sucre for sugar like sucrose and bleu is french for blue. the adjective go after the noun in most foreign langues"
"genforum is a good starting place. cyndi ha 250,000 links, all categorized. she ha 550 site under ""jewish""."
"""lo-fi"" is a term for a style of music recorded very simply, using acoustic instrument and simple mics, and, srtictly speaking, with a minimum of overdubs or multiple tracks. the type of music recorded this way is usually related to traditional folk music in sound, though there is no reason it need be. the movement is a reaction to big spectacle music, and an attempt to connect with the simple heart of music, from voice to acoustic guitar. (punk rock, though very different, wa borne of a simple reaction against big long over-produced rock music.)"
"life is a pass/fail test for the soul. whether or not you believe in cosmic justice, it pay to behave a though you do, and live your life with the most noble virtue possible. if reincarnation is true, or if heaven/hell reward/punishment is true, or if there really is no afterlife at all, i still think we are better off trying to do right rather than reaching for power and material wealth to the detriment of others."
"depends on which train you want. there is a bart station at powell & market, or you can take the muni metro from the powell station to the caltrain station, just take the n train inbound."
"an tirhankara person who acheives enlightenment and conquered his inner enemies. are they any in this part of the universe? nope. won't be another for 81,500 years."
one good way to make cold coffee is to brew up some and put it into some ice cube tray and freeze it into cubes. then when you brew a fresh pot of coffee you can use those frozen coffee cube to cool down your drink without dilluting the taste of it.
"because most restaurant don't set a full place.. because most home don't set a full place.. because we were never taught the difference.. . because most american's don't care- it's a meal, not a performance."
"they think that it will ""magical"" convert you and make you drop to your knee asking to be forgiven and to be accepted by this god person.. . edit:. the bible is very boring and filled with giberish that each person interputs in his/her own way.. no uniformity to the meaning of these passage in the bible."
mm they come from all over mexico. all mexican aren't the same. so diverse. adjective are relative
"a far a institutional acronym go, they are much shorter and simpler to write and say. when writing out news story and such, they don't want to take up the space to say central intelligence agency of federal bureau of investigation every time they need to say them. a far a the other web acronyms, i think it's because people are simply lazy."
because he is relying on his own judgement and they arnt neccessarily the way god meant man to be.. pride come before a fall so the saying go
"do exceptional work quickly and beyond the call of duty.. . if you're dealing with sales, make big sales!. . other thing that would impress me in my office is fixing a broken copy machine or computer."
"""bascially, instant coffee is just regularly brewed coffee with nearly all the water removed. it's not that mysterious a process at all. there is no strange chemical adulteration that go on. instant coffee is still pure coffee."""
the intimate part is not hard. the soulmate part is very difficult even outside of the internet.
"berlin is the capital of germany.. . it a also the capital before germany wa split in 2. . after wwii the soviet got east berlin (which became the capital of east german) and america, britian and france got portion of west berlin.. . west berlin went under west german rule although until 1991 the american, british and french sector still existed in west berlin (meaning those country still had some authority in their sector but they relinquished it month after east and west germany reunited)."
i do mean i already love and respect youect.. i will mean soon i will love and respect you
nearly all airplane travel can be handled on line. you just go to yahoo homepage and click on travel. that will get you to any information you need.
"a souffle is an egg dish made by separating the eggs, mixing the yolk with cream or milk and flavorings, whipping the egg whites, then folding the yolk mixture into the egg white and baking.. . spinach souffle is quite a bit like spinach quiche. i like it - i love egg and the egg and cheese tone down the spinach flavor to an edible point."
lmao.......... the difference between a apple and a apple is a apple. :)
"australian often have difficulty being understood when conversing with foreigners.. that's because they use different word e.g. cookie v biscuit, and pronunciation.. however, since australia ha a high percentage of immigrants, thing turn to more difficult when people have different background and first languages.. what you need to do is, use simple english and be polite. that will always work!"
because you want your buisness to flourish? it's not economically viable to provide service that might not give profit because you didn't find it necessary to see wether your service were actually desired at the desired level.
a mix between a german shepard and a labodor!!!
you can win true friend by being a true friend yourself. this is the only secret to win true friends. do to others what you want them to do to you
1. sushi - noun . · rice (with raw fish) wrapped in seaweed
"although not one of the best beach in australia in term of surf (in fact very poor on the surf front, mainly due to being located on the north-eastern shore of port phillip bay), it doe have many colourful ""boxes"" that are used by family to store everything you could want at the beach. from beach furniture to towels, bar fridges, eskies, boogie board and warm clothes. (it is melbourne after all, it get pretty cold) brighton a a suburb is quite well-to-do, and boast some of melbourne prettiest and most expensive homes. the beach box themselves are expensive to buy due to the limited number and the fact that they are infrequently sold, instead tending to remain within family for a long time."
i've checked several shakespeare concordances. that quote doe not appear in shakespeare.
because this world is a test for our faith but the perfect life is the eternal life in the hereafter. so do good and god will reward you with heaven. but this world is very short.
wrong...the simple wedgie is until the elastic band rips. the atomic variety is when the band can be pulled over the head.
"you can get thing done without so many people around ..shopping, getting coffee, going to the gym, etc. you can enjoy the quiet on the street before the kid are out and car are driving. you have more time to get thing done that you need to do before you leave the house and don't have to rush so much."
corruption in some culture is acceptable. it is getting caught that is frowned upon. do not judge or evaluate these action by your own standards.
putting a penny in your mouth well do one of two thing make you blow really high or zero. eat peanut it'll work everytime. my old bartender told me about it
"i think that people are intrinsically social beings. in many ways, cooperation among human is instinctive and it allows u to survive and to thrive. if you accept this then you can see why human might feel a primitive need to belong in a society, thus we compare ourselves to others in order to measure our insecurity against the desirable quality we see in others."
"there isn't realy much of a backstory between van helsing and dracula. they first show up in bram stoker's book ""dracula"". abraham van helsing wa a doctor with an interest in weird mythological thing and when dracula showed up and started causing trouble, van helsing stepped in and saved the day.. the story got really popular and people started making movie and writing other story with the same characters.. (on a side note, bram stoker based abraham van helsing's character on himself, they even have the same first name)."
"usually the small red bit in the olive is a pimento, but i suppose it's possible you could have had some with chili peppers. a machine is in control of stuffing the olives; it go very quickly and is very accurate."
"one of the biggest group of outlet mall is in san marcos, which is between san antonio & austin. there are also smaller mall near houston and dallas. see the list linked below, noting that prime and tanger brand mall are some of the biggest one of which i know."
"scottish slang for aimless chatter.. . love that song, ""500 miles"""
"vitually all untrue, carpetbagger.. . think of cigar a aromatherapy for men."
"slice ripe bananas, put evenly on bottom of bowl or dish, make cook'n'serve or instant jell-o vanilla pudding, pour on top, then a layer of vanilla wafers. you can stop there, or keep layering in this order. mmmmm!"
how do you tap a keg?. . s o b e r
"to be truly a writing genius, the most important thing is to be able to communicate well with all type of people. most of the best writer are those who have had a lot of different job where they were able to interact with people in different walk of life. of course you need to keep writing, but always keep in mind who's going to be reading."
the part underneath the chicken. it in the middle between the wing and leg one on each side it called the oyster cause it look like one. we eat hen thus they do not have testicle
"are you joking? it's mainly flour, egg and sugar."
"a present that can be enjoy by the whole family. like some typical food, or craft or a book from your region/country.. anything coming from your heart will do, the important thing is that you are showing your appreciation and that is more than anything else."
sutra is a noun and it mean - a rule or formula; aphorism.(source: wordsmith)
"canonization is recognition by the roman catholic church that someone is (already) a saint. remember: when the canonization occurs, it doesn't mean that the pope and vatican official believe they are making someone a saint; rather, that the person led a saintly life and that god ha revealed that to the church through miracle and prayer."
"it's an orange flavored liqueur. it's bottom of the barrell. top shelf version are cointreau and grand marnier, which are even good served by themselves. you wouldn't want to drink triple sec by itself, but you could use it for a bottom shelf margarita or cosmopolitan or something."
"""the shoo-fly pie is a wet-bottom molasses pie that used to sit on the window sill and attract flies, hence the shoo-fly name. it ha a gooey bottom, cake-like middle, and crumb topping. mmmmm good!"""
"maybe all the kid got tired of trying to get point and stopped answering. i have still seen a ton of ""noise"" answer though."
"where there is emptiness there is fullness, where there is darkness there is light. if you can look at life like this, there are no extremes, just living. tao is the philosophy of nature, the balance of opposite and harmony with the universe and all living beings."
"god bring them here...deep inside, even atheist want the truth. they are just looking for proof..."
"pea are seed that are dicotyledonous. that mean that the seed, when sprouting, open into two halves. the split is there naturally and becomes manifest when dried."
"a large portion of muslim are not arabs. arab are pretty much in one continent but muslim are all over the world, all continent (not sure about antartica). . if you are relating muslim to being arabs, just so you know, there are arab christians, there are arab hindus, there are arab jews....."
it depends on the topic. if it is something i am feeling passionate about i just go and edit it every so often a i write it. if it is something else i write it out in notepad or wordpad and tweek it until i'm happy.
"if it that big a deal, explain to your child that your mother in law ha issue with the unknown... racism is a terrible thing and more than likely it doe stem from the way they were raised or a past experience a someone stated. if your kid are of age to understand, let them know racism is a form of fear. perhaps your husband think it a big deal because he's lived around her for all those year and ha grown accustomed to it.. it a terrible thing if it true, but don't just let it go and hope your kid won't be prejudiced a well. communication is the key."
"curdled soybean milk, coagulated.. . it's a lot better then it sounds."
"they have a website ""all song considered"" about the music played on npr, and the music featured in news story and the like.. . they also have web only programming on the site."
most people laugh because they want to hide their own fear n short-comings from other people and want to be with-the-crowd?!! some think that it's funny?! i hope they do!
no problem if u even call me so. i love to share my knowledge with others. i feel happy doing that.
y h w >> should it be why george w?? harry w???
"there isn't a rule that say that church can't have a raffle. it is something that each individual church would decide. colbykaplan is right to some extent, that a raffle could be likened to gambling, but i really think it also depends on the circumstance for the raffle."
be true to yourself... say what you think is good...don't tell people that you like them even if you really hate them! tell them that they need to change for a cause
"good for you. i agree. people can answer question without being rude, & if they want to be like that, they should go to the trash websites, and stay off the good ones... like this one. have a nice day!"
"easy. the traditional way. some chocolates, candy, rose and a heart shape card."
"well this is a tacky question, but in some weird way kinda legit! tell ya what.......if you have some paints...any kind......take several random color and mix them...9 time out of ten you will come up with some shade of brown...think about the color of all the food you eat...mix them all together and there ya go....generally brown! try this one too....take several random food item you'd generally eat in a day and toss them into a blender or food processor.....i'll bet you end up with some shade of brown!"
"are you asking if the enviromental area of a person life should be assessed for mental processing? then the answer is a definite yes, a your enviroment ha a great deal in how you have learned the thing that you are doing in life."
just what it says.... . it talk about how we're always (perpetually) changing (migration) our mindset and lifestyles.
"you could try pouring it through a couple of coffee filters. in commercial kitchens, they use a similar process. this will remove leftover bit of food, but will not bring the oil back to it initial color."
you don't always know if someone is being honest but you can tell when they are lying.the four corner of there face flexxes in such a way that can not be done cociously and is not controlable.even if you are aware of the movement you cant prevent the movement. look in a mirror and try it.the muscle at the temple flex up and out.the muscle at the corner of the mouth near the chin flex out and down.
"it is a middle eastern food consisting of green leaf (molokia) cut in very tiny piece cooked with chicken broth, garlic, spices, when it is cooked it look like a very thick dark green soup.. but it taste very very good"
"an emulsion is a mixture of two immiscible (unblendable) substances. one substance (the dispersed phase) is dispersed in the other (the continuous phase). example of emulsion include butter and margarine, mayonnaise, the photo-sensitive side of film stock, and cutting fluid for metalworking. in butter and margarine, a continuous lipid phase surround droplet of water (water-in-oil emulsion)."
"""when you are concentrating on something, you are using the hemisphere of the brain also used for processing motor input. it's also noticeable that some people walk more slowly when they are thinking of something difficult. this is caused by interference from the two activity fighting for the same bit of brain to process them. by biting your lip or sticking your tongue out, you are suspending motor activity and keeping your head rigid, to minimise movement and hence interference."""
not all question are removed by yahoo! answer support; many of them are removed by the questioner themselves.. . some people remove their own question either because a) they screwed them up and don't want them posted anymore or b) they have received a satisfactory answer and don't want the question to stay available.
"a·nath·e·ma. . # a formal ecclesiastical ban, curse, or excommunication.. # a vehement denunciation; a curse: “the sound of a witch's anathema in some unknown tongue” (nathaniel hawthorne).. # one that is cursed or damned.. # one that is greatly reviled, loathed, or shunned: “essentialisma belief in natural, immutable sex differencesis anathema to postmodernists, for whom sexuality itself, along with gender, is a ‘social construct’” (wendy kaminer)."
"while it is true that most porn is made in the san fernando valley, there are producer across the country. try finding a company whose product you like on the web and contact them to ask about modelling. i'm sure there are also local producer to you whom you might find on craigslist a looking for adult models."
"graphic design refers to images, artwork, logos, page design etc.. . multimedia refers to moving images; video film etc."
"my first guess would be that this person is engaging in the practice known a ""speaking in tongues."" charismatic church teach that the holy spirit will move a christian at time to speak in a ""heavenly"" language which can only be understood by someone else who ha been likewise blessed by the holy spirit to interpret it."
"am i supposed to read the book first, or can i just guess?. . i am guessing that he discus the horror of war, and that explains it."
"defcon is an abbreviation of defense condition. it's a 1-5 scale employed by the united state armed force (with two additional emergency condition for overseas or norad assault) to indicate a general state of action readiness. defcon 5 is peace, defcon 1 is full-blown war."
"they look the same for the most part unles you belong to one of the groups. the culture is different. just like white people generally look the same but there are germans, irish etc."
"the simple fact is, that there is no way to ""prove"" any theory on the origin of the universe.. people choose evolution because they don't like the alternative. if you don't believe in evolution, then you must conclude that there is a creator, and we are all ultimately responsible to him."
"creme de almond is not creamy, neither is creme de caco or creme de menthe. creme de almond is just a almond flavored liquor very similar to amaretto."
the presence of god. hell is separation from that presence.
i thought it might be like having too many software program on your computer--it doesn't work so well. a person might have to work on establishing priorities. (what's most important to them.)
i personally feel that kissing in a dream is just the same a having sex in a dream.. . so what doe it mean?. a good percentage of what happens in dream is a reflection of what happened or what u were thinking about during the day.. . in short i'd say it's a release of what wa stored in the brain.
"from what i understand a ""concealed carry"" law doesnt really mean that the gun ha to be concealed, but more that it can be concealed. in most carrying a concealed weapon is a crime, but in state with a ""concealed carry law"" it is not."
"iranrod eireann should have a web site, but there no need to book in advance just come to the station early. rail service is woefull though,and you may be better getting bus"
"oil hot enough??? try flour, salt or bread crumb if your oil seems to be the right temperature.. below is a recipie for crispy onion rings. mabye you will find some tip from it."
"zucchini.. . in fact, there used to be a guy around here in my neck of the wood that pickled zucchini. one of these pickle slice would be a big around a the hamburger. it wa great."
"blue moon ice cream is a bright blue colored flavor of ice cream that is almost exclusively found in the mid-west united state and is a particular favorite of wisconsin natives. blue moon is found mainly in wisconsin, michigan (particularly the upper peninsula), and minnesota; found le frequently in iowa and illinois; and ha reportedly been available (either in the past or currently) in indiana, missouri, and even western pennsylvania.. . i'd like to try some...never seen it in texas."
"try your undergrad advising office or one of your psych professors. they usually have listing of internship or undergrad research assistantships for student to participate in. they may be paid if you have work study, or may count for credit."
"being ""behind the eightball"" mean you are in a tight spot. it feel like everyone is gunning for you."
"shir (pronounced ""sheer"").. . it also mean song.. . charuz is actually a rhyme (though it also mean ""a bead"" - like the one you string)"
"empty bottle by drinking the wine (this is refered to a ""the fun part""). hold the empty bottle upside down over a lit candle and the smoke rising from the flame should blacken it. use a pot holder or something on keep the hot bottle from burning your hand.. warning: do not play with fire while drunk on wine."
"i believe that he wa abducted by a ufo for some amount of time. he hasn’t been quite right, since, the saint, hmm...i think hell make a come back. i hope."
"if you're 16 it's a party!. if you're older than about 20, it's a bunch of drunk chavs starting fights, girl wearing glitter handkerchief and then throwing up outside the pub. most non-chav adult around here avoid the bigg market weekend nights."
"""feliz"" usually sound more permanent. ""contento"" sound more temporary. ""feliz"" applies to thing ""un feliz encuentro"" (a ""happy"" meeting) or ""feliz cumpleaños"" (happy birthday). ""contento"" only applies to people (or sometimes domestic animals)."
kajeet doesn't have a definition. it is a company name made up by the first letter of the company founder kids. what the hey...someone need to make a deffiniton anyway. go for it!
"let me read all of your answer and question and maybe i can give you an opinion.. cmon, you have so many answer an question that it is dificult for u to answer this. try to giving u a more reduced group of answer and question wich you think can make u have a better view on who you are!"
"i think it's white shoes, pants, or skirt that you're not supposed to wear after labor day. anyway, it's really outdated and people do it all the time. definitely not a fashion faux-pas any longer."
"you will found internet cafe in every where at major city of indonesia. also hot spot just go to mc donald,starbuck,dome, etc you will get free wifi.. for internet cafe you will charged le than u $ 1. for one hour."
there were only a few texan fighting against 100's of mexicans. they were just out numbered
"if i remember correctly, check out the rembrandt museum. he also designed a bridge have each piece supported the other thus extremely strong."
"alot of the previous answer's example show our use of culture; i don't know if that's can be considered a an adaptation or not.. . an example of a fairly recent biological adaptation could include the size of our jaw and teeth. now that we've been cooking food for thousand of years, the big jaw muscle and teeth necessary to chew woody stem are no longer necessary."
because they want to see how many people they can annoy with it. they feel because they like it the rest of u will. not only that they know they are irritating people and like doing that. it's an immature way to 'jab' people.
"encouraging people to pursue their dream in life. if we are persistently consistent with what we want in life, dream will come true, one way or another."
"a a student of engineering i also have to pas some course about sociology. it's really important because engineer have to deal with the society, specialy for doe whom work in field like civil engineering, architecture and rural development. they have to undrestand society need and design their plan to solve society problem and needs."
"well you would either add or multiply. i am not sure, but i would go with multiplication so (1/2)*(1/2)=1/4 so you would be a quarter scared to death!"
life is great!! full of joy and victory thanks to jesus christ that died for me on the cross in calvary.
"lot of ways, i guess. but if youre looking to sell it your self, you might want to accquire a website to show sneak peek of and sell it through, and an independent printer to print it out.. . i've even known people who photocopy and bind them theirselves, just to sell at cons. it all depends on what available to you."
"because major news outlet deal in tangable facts, although some might argue that point, and the illuminati is fiction! it isn't real."
"it ha a larger-than-life character who ha a tragic flaw that end up being his downfall.. . to be ""classical"" he ha to be larger-than-life: a king like oedipus, not a salesman like willy loman."
"it can be improved by instilling pride in the employees. for instance, letting the employee get a sense of ownership in their workload will develope pride in the work and in the organization a a whole."
"the star of david (hebrew magen david or mogen dovid מגן דוד, arabic najmat dawuud نجمة داوود), also known a solomon's seal or the seal of solomon (ashkenazi hebrew, shield of david, arabic khatam sulayman خاتم سليمان), is a generally recognized symbol of judaism and jewish identity, although it ha been used also in islam a well a the eastern religions. geometrically it is a hexagram. it is also known colloquially a the jewish star."
"to start with, a lot of people died: m. guillotine's invention wa put to the test and achieved great fame. both king louis xvi and queen marie antoinette ""benefited"" from the former's invention (as well a hundred of others). an italian, napoleon bonaparte came to power and led the country for the next several year -- until sent to elba for his multiple trespass against france."
human have a fundamental flaw - this is greed. and this is why we have to get what we want.
put one cup of sugar and one packet of coolaid in a pitcher. add cold water till 3/4 full and stir.
"the whole idea of the self-fulfilling prophecy. if you have doubt in yourself, you will not try a hard a you would if you were completely confident, and this lessens the chance of prosperity."
"usually you can find anyone if you have a phone number.... but since you probably don't, i would do a search on their name and list the state you think they are in and that should narrow it down to the one who are most likely.... i found my long lost cousin that way..."
"richeza mean ""richness"", have not seen the name around. portuguese - ""riqueza"", wealth, richness."
"tu sabe? = do you know?. it could be an idiom, wich mean the same a .... you see.. in fact it is ... . tu sabes?"
"yes, mouth and tongue are connected.... try to close your nose with your hand and taste something with your tongue on the bottom of your mouth... you will taste nothing!! if you then lick your palate you will taste what you are eating :). so, smell are important in cook a taste!:p"
"believe in your self man !!!!!!. and sell yourself like a prostitute on a corner . here's is one of my saying ""you can do it just put your back in to it "" hope u find this helpfull"
"it can come from any part of the cow that's cut for human consumption.. . however, in the usa, if it say ""ground round,"" it must come from the round / rump. if it say ""ground chuck,"" it must come from the chuck / shoulder."
"i started a job once at an office where it wa mostly jeans. i wa happy to have the job and i wanted to be more professional so i decided to dress up more. well, i got ""let go"" because i didn't fit in."
i skim the cream off the top of my raw milk with a large serving type spoon. then i pour out the milk and scrape off the cream that is left clinging to the side of the jar with a rubber spatula. yum!!
asio-centrism is a ethnocentric perspective that regard asia to be central or unique relative to other continent/countries. this can take the form of according asia unwarranted significance or supremacy at the cost of the rest of the world.
"generally a low quality image 4x6 inch and will almost always have ""proof"" stamped on it to make it unusable.. . it is a way for a photographer to show you what he ha shot for you, without giving you the high-quality images. think of it a a sample of his work.. . you will purchase image based on the proof that he/she delivers."
i am assuming you are refering to a responsible vendor card or abo alcoholic beverage operator license. you can generally contact the local restaurant association or in some area the state trooper office handle abo
"according to wikipedia, ""its sudden rise in popularity is generally attributed to the emergence of the female soap opera character ashley abbott on the young and the restless in 1982."" . . for more information about the name ashley, visit the link below."
"apply for a visitor's visa for the person, giving them a good reason why they are visiting. you can usually get the visa application at a u emabassy or it's online on the emabassy site."
"because real heart are apparently red! ..but also possibly because red symbolises passion in a lot of literature. i'd say another reason is tradition - thing like valentine are all about following a tradition and fitting in with what one is expected to do, so it make sense that most picture of heart associated with it are the same colour."
dunno-depends on which native you are talking about. my culture see mouse a a warrior and we have storeis about him but that's all i can say.
"yep - it can cause a slow, agonizing death. um, why do you want to know?"
"it their nature. read the book men are from mars, woman from venus. it explains it in there. woman instinctually are a ""fix-it"" committee."
"and in addition to having a great portfolia you should figure out what the gallery specializes in and how well you would fit in with their general style. . it's pretty pointless showing abstract minimalist painting to a gallery which specialized in landscape painting and vice versa, which mean a good way is to visit gallery you are interested in, maybe chat with some people working there first"
"a type of architecture used in the u in the late 19th and early 20th century which tried to emulate older english styles, but without the excessive decoration of the queen anne revival style that wa also popular at that time. shingle-style home had the exterior wall (as well a the roof) covered with shingles, and usually had many complex gabels, dormer and porches."
"islam is one of the major religion of the world, with approximately one billion adherents.. . now go to your public library and do some research. try thinking before asking."
"the real question is, do you want to make money or is it more important to create? money in this area only come when you are at the top of your game. you can only be that way if you are committed to your endeavor. money seems to be the only thing that motivates you or you would not have to ask."
"smart elegant attire is not to elegant and not too casual. it's not semi-casual, it's sophistocated and it look nice on you in a tasteful manner."
"abstraction of a form or idea is the foundation of abstract art. mimesis is imitation or emulation. the two are similar in that like abstraction of an idea, mimesis may be the emulation of an idea, but it generally refers to the imitation or emulation of an (artistic) style."
"i dont think we a human are supposed to be totally happy all the time it part of everyone's life nomatter who you are, to find thing that make you unhappy, it part of the mystery of life. but you can try to appreciate what you have accomplished in your life, appreciate yourself for who you are and try to give out good energy, and that will help you to have a better outlook on your life, nomatter what happens."
"the purpose of being her is to survive long enough to procreate and ensure our offspring survival. someone who belief in christianity will tell you that god 'knows' just like you know when you watch someone heading for a huge pit with no brake that they will crash. even though you 'know' what will happen, the person still ha free will."
"communication barrieres can be antyhing that hinders a communication to be successful. communiation barrier can range from a simple noise to even individual differences. for instance, when you are talking to your friend a small noise that distracts either of you and you both miss some important message you both are talking is also a communication barrier. another example, when the two people who are communcating to each other, if their understanding of the subject that is being discussed differs, then again communciation barrier is existing."
"compared to what? a 5 lb bag of all-purpose flour is not very expensive. maybe you are shopping for a specialty flour, such a whole-wheat flour, which is more expensive because they sell le of it than the all-purpose flour."
"1)smile and you will get the joke. 2)speak quietly carry a big stick. 3)anger, sadness and fear lead to the darkside"
you can have access everywhere near you with le expense if you are friendly or resourceful. go to any indian restaurant and make firends with an indian waitress or chef if they have indian waitress or chefs. they might just be fond of you being interested in them. be adorable and you're on your way to being penpals with their daughter and their daughters' friend if you will.
"this answer isn't meant to depress you.... i had in instructor who told me that once he wa able to settle on the fact that he wasn't going to be a famous painter with his art in museums, it really freed him up to do what he truly wanted.. painting with the museum on your mind will drag you down and even further from your goal than if you painted for yourself."
"if you booked through a travel agency, call them first. then call the airline.. . if you want to fly earlier or later but on the same day, most airline offer a free or low-fee stand-by policy. call your airline/check their website for details."
"do you mean bok choy??? if this is correct, bok choy is a type of cabbage/lettuce that usually is used in soups, salad and sandwiches."
"no one can answer this question except god!. . i believe:. the word god would not have been there if god didn't create humans, he created human becoz this is what a god would do."
"it must be some psychological thing going on...kind of like a comfort food... it's relaxing,,,,,just go somewhere, get away from stuff, and unwind and have a nice cup of coffee!!!"
"it a different animal. maybe it just simply that, like chicken doe a well"
"the fact are, it's not socially excepted. i hope it never is, homo-sexuality is not natural. i don't care what they say "" i don't choose to be attracted to men i just am"" that's b.s."
"you are too selective. don't be in a hurry, you will soon meet her"
"faust (latin faustus) is the protagonist of a popular german tale of a pact with the devil, assumed to be based on the figure of the german magician and alchemist dr. johann georg faust (approximately 1480-1540). it ha been used a the basis for many different fictional works, most notably by christopher marlowe, johann wolfgang von goethe, thomas mann, and mikhail bulgakov.. . the story concern the fate of a learned gentleman named faust, who in his quest for forbidden or advanced knowledge of material things, summons the devil (represented by mephistopheles, often also referred a mephisto), who offer to serve him for a period of time, at the cost of his soul."
"when ever i have bad luck. i always say ""well that's just my luck.."" or if i think i'll have bad luck i'll say ""knowing my luck..."" . others i've heard are.. . no luck is better than bad luck.. bad luck come in threes."
"current row of terrorism is from anti christ mullah umar one eyed butcher & his right hand usama bin ladin.they are spreading hatred.they have devil power in them.through your weapon power or technology we can get rid of terrorsim.if we want to get rid of terrorism,we need jesus and promised messiah gohar shahi. only they can defeat them through their spirtual power.usa or other country cannot stop this row through their technology.only solution is to get jesus and promised messiah gohar shahiin your side.their picture have appeared in the moon and black stone in makkah, saudia arabia.we should expose these sign to public for investigatation and recognition of these holy personalities.. prophet muhammad said in one tradition that fight or hatred of anti christ(dajjal) will start from my nation muslims.thats why most of terrorist are from so called muslims.islam teached peace and safety of humanity and they are doing terrorism these mean they are not muslim ,only they using name of islam a is wrritten in their fate.if they regard prophet and islam ,then they must regard his word also.but they are doing against his words.because they are follower of anti christ(dajjal). so search jesus and promised messiah gohar shahi to defear anti christ and his followers. this is only solution."
"different life experience give different perspective for each individual.. . for being so much alike, we're all so very different in how we interpret that grand thing called ""life""."
"yes it does. if you search long enough the answer to the question is given. a tip to get you there faster: search ""keep bill gate alive forever."""
"the one i buy do.. . wait, do you mean resealable bags? if so, that would be a great idea."
dunk in ice cold milk & eat.. . i do not separate the two halves. i like them just the way they are.
put the water and tea bag in the jar close the lid and set in the sun. the sun will brew the tea after many hours. add sugar then drink
"first of all, it is spelled arch, not arc. it represents westward expansion. technically it is the jefferson memorial so it commemmorates thomas jefferson and his purchase of the louisiana territory in the early 19th century, which doubled the size of our country. the arch symbolizes the gateway to this western territory."
"one theory state that the term a ""clockwork orange"" wa invented by british national serviceman who endlessly and monotonously marched up and down the parade ground for no real purpose, and used it to describe the mindset. to drill. something done without thinking or free will.. . while another theory state that it come from an old modney expression where one might say something odd wa ""as queer a a clockwork orange,"" it being incongruous that something organic would have mechanical works."
"i have done these type of thing often- it kinda a regular thing with me. so- stand up, smile deliberatly, take a bow, wave to everyone- then run like hell. you may feel dumb, but everyone else will think the way you played it off wa pretty good. just remember that everyone doe these thing at one point or another, what is important is not what the embarrassing thing was, but how you handled it."
"greek mythology worked it's way into roman mythology via the etruscan much before the invention of the greek alphabet. the roman absorbed their myth from contact with the greek and etruscans, modifying it to fit in with thier own ideas.. . the greek similarily absorbed much of their mythology from the near east, although they combined it with thier indigionous myth to a much greater extent than the romans. many of the gods, goddesses, and myth are thought to have derived from the assyrians, phonetians, and people of mesopotamia."
"in american culture, the bigger the fad, the bigger the faux pa if you wear the article after the fad ha passed. the member only jacket wa a huge fad back in the eighties. in term of today’s cultural acceptance, it is right up there with the mullet and milli vanilli."
must be 18. don't be disrespectful to any customer or staff. keep your clothes on. don't touch yourself :)
"true absinthe is illegal in the united states. it is a hallucinogen made from wormwood. you can, however partake in many country in europe...i believe it is legal in the u.k. there is an absinthe liqueur sold here in the states, but it is not the original formula."
"every person you see on screen is paid to be there, so they behave a the filmmaker want them to behave (with the exception of documentaries). neighbor around a location shoot are warned of traffic change and sometimes compensated for the disruption the filmmaking causes. sometimes local will gather behind barrier to watch the action, but usually they don't live in the neighborhood. and if your neighborhood is often used a a location, i've heard the resident can get downright grumpy and confrontational."
"sushi rice is actually sticky rice that ha been flavored with 3 part sushi vinegar ( which is a thicker and milder vinegar then normal) and 1 part sugar. sticky rice is also know a gluttonous rice and can be purchased at any asain super market, it's best when you steam it and gluttonous rice requires more water to cook it then regular rice does, you should never boil it. it'll never turn out sticky, just watery."
"i've read that extreme cold is bad for wood drums. but i've toured around the colorado ski town for years, with my dws in the trailer overnight, in the winter. i don't really have a choice, but no problem yet."
"it's not , it's a power trip in some of the unusual head trip you could encounter. i think you need to get on with a more promising question to make your life more at ease. if you wanted to go over a wall would you think of it a (a)jumping (b) climbing (c)flying (d)all of the above (or) would you be conceited and say i""m going under the wall....."
here is a link to one plan for a homemade food dehydrator.. . also a recipe for beef jerky.. . good luck.
"why do people who are in an intense conversation - romantic, let's say, lock eye with each other ? because that is where their focus is. they are concentrating on just the person wiht whom they are talking - nothing else matter at that moment.. . same with prayer..."
"i heard non-christians use the phrase,the christ within;our higher selves,higher conciousness,anointed.a man can be a christ.some people think that jesus'name wa jesus christ,but it wa jesus the christ.. . there are so many church because people segregate themselves according to their beliefs.people interpret the bible differently and some follow scripture that ohers don't. for example,johovah's witness' don't believe in celebrating holidays.it said somewhere in the bible it wa prohibited.also,there are just alot of minister who desired to preach and started their own church.people who enjoy their message,join their church."
"because they're so fluffy and delicious, and when you bite into a twinkie you get a wonderful mouthful of creamy filling. yummy! besides, a twinkie is a quick snack when you are hungry and have no time to eat real food."
kampyo is a japanese gourd that is usually dried. when used it cooking it is often rehydrated. kampyo is often used in makizushi or roll sushi.
"try ryan air, easy jet, virgin or go. one of them is bound to."
"the reason muslim are so outraged is that the cartoon showed portrayal of the prophet muhammad. image of allah or muhammad are forbidden in any form in the islamic religion. many muslim are offended, but it's the hardliner who are causing the major problems, with violent protest and such."
"he isn't usually thought of a a philosopher. he wa a novelist, best known for ""vanity fair"" a satirical portrait of social climbing in 19th century england. while his work reflects certain beliefs, no doubt, he wasn't a philosopher in any formal sense."
they are both beef steak but from different area of the rib of the animal it is cut from. rib eye is the tender portion of the upper rib where a sirloin is from the lower rib area and ha more muscle to it than the rib eye cut. use the website listed below for your complete answer.
because they had large amount of land to farm/plant. they need people to help them farm without using that much energy themselves. it's very cruel of course.
an artist is an individual who can express emotion and intellect into the physical world. art is when something intangible is made perceptable by the senses.
"please provide more details. i would love to help you find an answer, but i have no idea what we're discussing."
"the troop get part of the money (in your area .60 in our area .50). the local girl scout council get a precentage, the national organization get a precentage....and of course the cookie company."
"just because there wa no discoloration or growth along the top of the cork doe not mean that it isn't possible that the cork hasn't caused a problem with the wine, or that there isn't some other problem. it is useful to smell the end of the cork before drinking the wine. sometimes it will give you advance notice that there is something wildly off about the wine, including that the wine may be ""corked."" it is not considered unusual that a cork will periodically fail to do it job."
working the chakra system is helpful. the seat of consciousness is ajna chakra. this is explained in raja yoga. meditation will bring you closer to that source.
"green tea is picked green or unripened. it ha le caffeine and more antioxidant than black tea, but i don't think it taste a good."
"there r many culture within the hindu relegion.. there r ""gujratis"" and there r ""bengolis"" and so on.... but mainly it go like this.... 1. it can be arranged or a love marriage. 2. the ""kundali"" is matched .. thats just to see the compatibility.. 3. the date r fixed. 4. then there r lot of ""pre wedding ceremonies"" like dholki and mehndi.. 5. on the big day the couple circle the ""holy fire"".. thats it !"
holi is the festival of colour. the colour that the gopis so urge krishna to hurl on them is symbolic. that color is the color of love. that is the reason why the gopis urge krishna to colour them with such a fast color that it cannot be washed despite repeated washing off.
i think it's some french term used in categorizing their champagne. like fum blanc.
"i am not a sociologist. but by the virtue of my life experience, i can say that social aspect is the gudieline, a boundary line which seprates human from the beast.. which give the guideline to human to live on earth like a. well oiled machine."
start by joining a local art association. you could also see if there were any art show in your area and go there to sell your artwork. i am the moderator of an art group at yahoo! and no one that i know of ha ever ha a good experience selling their art at ebay.
"most people eat the part between the skin and the seed. however, true connoiseurs eat the whole thing including skin and seed. if you let the seed soak in your mouth long enough it becomes quite gummy and chewy."
"it the american dream..to have more more more!! a bigger house, smalller waistline, better car, better sex, better nose, better kids...society ha taught u that more is better, that way you can never be happy, you have to keep buying!! it a conspiracy by uncle sam and the good ole' credit card companies..."
"the term is usually refferred to holding discussion on irrelevant issue and/or out-dated issues. the byzantine or bizantine (either is correct) period corresponds to the ix and x century, when most issue related to science, politics, religion, where yet to be resolved indepth. in other words, this period of time is commonly said to be of ""obscurantism"", or being in the darkness a most of the population in those age where mostly supersticious and unable to accept for instance, that the planet travelled around the sun, and beleived that the earth wa flat.. . today, when someone say ""bizantine discussions"", they are reffering that the topic being discussed is either outdated and/or not worth discussing at all."
"day should start with a lovely hot kiss.then just go out and have some fun.watch romantic movie together,spend a few minute in the park ...talk about your present ..not past. but for everything you have to take money from your pocket.dont let your boy to spend for everything.... enjoy..."
i would say 85% accurate. example the civil war battle are named differently in the south. hypothetical example george is a historian and doesnt like what happened in the year 1891 (whatever it is) and he decides to exclude that whole period and series of happening and come up with his own gap filling story.
replace some of the sugar in your recipe with a few tablespoon of grenadine. . . the reason for it: it look pretty.
"this term 'my boo' actually come from 'to kill a mockingbird'. it is a reference to boo radley, the next door neighbor that scout ha an obsession with. in today's slang it mean 'my love' or 'my sweet'."
"i would suggest soft hue of blue and grey, main colour being possibly a slate blue , and creating geometric design with curve with the contrasting soft grey colour. blue have a very calming effect and the curve will give a softer appearance a compared to sharp angles. a wait in a clinic tend to be long, these colour along with soft lighting effect should make the client feel comfortable during a long wait."
"i would say a fatalist or a defeatist. idealism implies the possession of ideal and this in turn implies the possibility of aspiring to realize them. by complete contrast, a fatalist relinquishes all control of her life and resigns herself to the vicissitude of fate, whilst a defeatist simply surrender all aspiration. neither could be said to be an idealist: in word or in deed."
"i watch saiyuki...there's tripitakas (sanzo),sun wukong-monkey god(goku), pig(hakkai) and friar sand or sandy (gojyo).they trvel to the west to get holy scripture called sutra and are lead by tripitakas...in saiyuki they are known a ""sanzo party"". sun wukong is very mischevous...but he is the most powerful.on their jouney towrds the west, they encounter lot of obstacle like demon who want the scriptures..thre's also the dragon prince who is known a hakuryu in the anime, saiyuki!the other villain include the iron fan princess and bull demon king. there's also an imitation of the sun... sun wukong wa born from a rock and tripitakas is a monk...and sandy is a river monster..."
do not put stop leak in a motorcycle - if it is antifreeze leaking from the engine block then you have a seal or o-ring that need replacing. best to go to a dealer and buy a manual for the bike.
simple answer. . the depression and how to get out of a depression
"also known a spiny lobster or carribean lobsters, all the one i've seen or caught have been much bigger than shrimp.. they are tasty grilled over a wood fire. squirt them with a bit of lime juice, wash them down with an icy cold beer...nothing better in hte entire world."
it estroys or decrease tehm...there are more nutrient in a raw apple han in appelsause. the heat kill soem fo the nutrient a it get hotter
he didn't want the elephant's purple to be upside down! probably that is why he used the blue water instead of the green.
i just got a kit for christmas and it is quite fascinating. they make the frame small enough to just barely slip thru then when you put the sail on they are laid down flat and it ha little string that u pull once it in there then the string get cut off and then just put the top on
because the higher fly a much!. everyone know this.
"a company can increase sale by taking order online. people can shop anytime, anywhere."
"there is absolutely no possible way to answer this question. so everyones answer is, at best, wishful thinking."
"a moral imperative is an ethical responsibility. a line of conduct or behavior judged a the right one, by a majority of people within a community."
"my best advice is ""don't"". if the rotor valve oil doesn't keep it moving well enough, then go to a professional. you can get yourself into a lot of trouble trying to do it on your own."
a valid driver licence. i think you can use your american licence up to 3 month min.
use a boxcutter to cut your rips. then wash the jean a few time with some bleach. instant rips.
"moonshine is... in the mason jar, in my cupboard, with all the dust on it.....after being picked for the best answer in what wa the most embarassing thing that happened to you do you really think i should drink it? i'll give it to you so you can first hand find out what it is, and the affects..."
"because drug are illegal and some employer want to make sure their employee are not engaging in illegal drug use. drug user usually make pretty poor employees.. . (you need to work on your english skill too, by the way.)"
"i think the mixture is too think for the cooky to ""melt"" in the oven like other cooky do. so you have to mash them down. i think the fork just ended up being the easiest thing. i guess if you didn't they'd be peanut butter balls."
i drink it on week end but not to extreme... actually i feel better when i have it and actually my face & body seems to be shining.. :o). . i look great now a day and my face look brisky & charming..!!
"worship is important in all culture and times. it defines who we are and what our place is. the object of people's worship changes. now, you may say that some people worship pleasure - not too much different that some egyptians."
pi day.... the day march 14th= 3/14= 3.14= the math symbol for tt (pi). so it's pie day.... oh and it is also full moon this mch 14th but that's not really a holiday! :-))
"to make one at home, add the following to an ice-filled shaker: the juice of 1/2 of a texas ruby red grapefruit, 11/2 ounce of van gogh vodka and a dash of grenadine.. . shake and pour into a chilled, sugar-rimmed martini glass and garnish with a grapefruit twist."
because copper will dissapate the heat faster and more evenly. also they look better hanging on the wall
god wa not created. he or she doe all of the creating.
havent you heard the old joke? it god apology for pubic hair on their head
"hey, stupid, ""hooch"" is just a nickname for alcohol. it's analogous to ""booze"", ""liquor"", and ""spirits"".. . your question suggests that you have had far too much hooch in your life. please die soon so that i don't have to pay your enormous medicare cost when your liver fails in 4 years."
get a regular glazed one and the reason there is so much hype about it is that krispy kreme ha a high fat content so it is rich and cremeier. also they have a krispy kreme shake . get that too it taste good.
"if you don't mind camping you can live quite easily here on the beach. there are many people who choose to be technically homeless that live on the beach. in some area the county government provides porta-potty's in area's they know people are living on the beach.. you can live off fish and seafood and the abundant fruit such a banana, mango and pineapple.. most of the ""homeless"" i see here have a tent for shelter on the beach and a car nearby for transportation."
"one side is more reflective, promoting ""crisping"" it it against the food. the other side achieves the opposite. check out the alcan website for more info."
"vaccum pack the stalk, first cut the long steam into half.. or just roll them up in a plain thick produce bag, air tight, rubber band up/seal. i store mind in freezer for months. chop up into desired cooking size when needed."
"1986 - born - mary-kate and ashley olsen, american actress . 1986 - died - benny goodman, american musician (b. 1909)"
"the only way to completely eliminate the sediment at the bottom of a bottle would be to wait for your beer to ferment fully, transfer to a secondary fermentor and let it sit for a couple of week to allow any remaining yeast and stuff to settle out, then keg and force carbonate it.. . after that, chill to a close to freezing a you can get it, and use a counter-pressure filler to fill your bottles. voila! carbonated beer in bottles, no sediment."
"well, if i tell you that ulysses everett mcgill and his pal take off on a journey home, where ulysses hope to reunite with his wife penelope, and on the way they encounter everyone from a trio of woman who sing rapturous song to a very large tough guy with one good eye, it might give you a place to start....if you don't know ""the odyssey"", read a good summary, and then watch the movie again. it will become very clear to you."
use some vegetable or olive oil in the wok. heat it over low heat and use a paper towel to wipe clean. wash in soap and water then re-coat the inside with a thin layer of oil to avoid rusting again.
"try sculptor wax or jeweler wax then cast it in some form of metal, like bronze. a jeweler could help you with this or a bronze foundry."
"you're speaking of the wicked song, right? i think it wa well-written musically. glinda and elphaba show off their voice well and while the harmony isn't the hardest or most spectacular, it is good. it's fairly easy to learn, and it's one of the most memorable scene in the entire play."
"storing onion in the fridge help a *lot*. breathing through your mouth rather than your nose also helps. the match thing seems to help (i use a couple of matchstick rather than just one), but i've always wondered if it wa just a psychosomatic thing!"
it medium pressure to be thin. thin is associated with everything good and beautiful.back in the middle age being chunky wa the thing to be.cause it meant you had money to eat which wa a hard thing to come by back then
roll in bread or cracker crumb and cook in medium-hot pan with oil and butter on stove until both side are browned slightly. add a little squeezed lemon & fresh herb and cover with foil. then place then in a 400 degree oven for about 20 minutes!
i creates sour milk - a good substitute for buttermilk in baking recipes. if you add enough of the acid you can actually see it curdle. i wouldn't recommend drinking it.
"negative energy, in term of personlity, mean a strong presence of negative emotions, and a negative attitude. anger, fear, resentment, etc...it usually stem from insecurity. i can't really give very detailed advice, without knowing specifically how this ""negative energy"" is manifesting itself."
"well, you can rush one in 21 days, but normally they take 4-6 weeks. i didn't believe that, assumed they just tell you that long, but mine literally came the day (7+ weeks) we left.. . you get a picture taken at walmart, then get the application from the post office and then take it to your clerk of courts."
"be willing to share.. it all start with one person, then one more.... be willing to help others, to teach.. be more tolerant, vote wisely, hold politician and agency accountable. hold corporation accountable.. remember there are no throw away children, or people."
something innovative that disproves existing idea and theories. something dramatically different and unique.
"i have the ability to see ""the big picture"". most people can only focus on one section or area. i can look at one section or area, then another, and so on, then put them all together to see how thing move and flow. i can also imagine what outside influence would have on the situation and determine if it's for the best or worse."
"latin, ""usus"" - to use, and ""rapere"" - to seize. the meaning is to take control from a sovereign or elected leader, a in ""the rebel leader george washington usurped the king's rightful authority."""
"well, it may have come from a need to distinguish people with those of the same name. for example, if all the john smith's in the world had no middle name, the national, state and local government would have a hard time distinguishing them from each other. now say you had a john james smith and a john david smith. make it a little easier to tell them apart, doesn't it?"
dunkin donut sell their coffee. you also need to add a ton of sugar and cream.
"put about a tablespoon of vinegar in the boiling water, and then put them directly under cold running water for a few minutes. always store cooked egg in the fridge."
"the first industrial revolution wa concerned with textiles. thing like the spinning jenny came into use. the second wa more heavy industry;machinery and such. i am fairly sure that child labor law did not come into effect until the second revolution, nor did law that allowed woman maternity leave and to keep their job at the same time.. a for similaritys, both practicly destroyed the ""putting out system"", whereby good were made at home and then shipped to shops."
"according to some scholars, the word qur'an mean reading holy script or lesson. according to others it to collate together, read."
burke's work is mainly an extended essay that question the motive of the people involved in the revolution. it also warns against pulling down the good into the bad. it wa actually the second of two letter that burke sent to a man named charles-jean-françois depont.
"the name ""corned"" come from the big piece of salt they used to use, which were a big a grain of wheat or kernel of grain. ""corn"" is actually a generic word for grain. in the u corn mean maize, but in other country it mean wheat or rye or whatever the main grain is."
"like whatever you cook it with! i.e. if you make eggplant parmigian, it taste like a random fried veggie with tomato sauce and cheese on it. yum!"
god answer prayer his way. his way is not our way. god know our need but he want u to ask.
"the temp of the egg can affect the dough. it will incorporate better. . it is best to have the egg at room temp, same go for butter."
is it?. do you (respectfully) have any stats on that?
"because through diplomacy the former king of thailand managed to keep thailand from being colonized by the superpower then. france, britain, portugal, netherlands were all in the land claiming day and all country were taken except thailand which remained free and independent.. . thai mean free, a in independent."
"not quite sure what your asking, but if i am correct in thinking what you are asking then like i try to avoid girl that appear slutty because i don't want to get involved with slutty women. but i am baseing it on look so they may not actually be slutty."
"in glass bottle u only get the taste of the beverage and no taste from the container which can happen with metal, plastic, etc. maybe seeing the beverage add to the taste better idea too."
"no, sound like they're living vicariously through the movie. they need to get a life!"
"people say it won't count against you, but they lie. check into seeing if your record can be expunged."
"acidophilus and other ""good bacteria"" are present in yogurt which assist with digestion.. . yogurt ha long been considered one of the best thing a woman can add to her diet to prevent reoccuring yeast infections."
"the meat is dry . it is between deer and buffalo, dried in the sun, like native indian are doing. difficult to decribe...always salty in taste"
"i would cl deism a ""the next best"" to my choice which is agnosticism.. . a such i believe that there may be a god, but unless it can be proven by science, or visual evidence, then i cannot accept any definition of god created by humankind.. . if my choice were to be limited to established religion, then i would have to opt for buddhism, because to the best of my knowledge, this ha not been used a an excuse to murder non-believers (as with christian crusader & modern day islamic fundamentalists)"
"last night my girlfriend wa trying to tell me something about a tv show i think is bunk (american idol) and i got impatient with her because i didnt want to hear a bunch of phony crap. we had a little fight. this is an example of what you're asking, though there are many different ones, some trivial and some major."
"using loose leaf will make a big difference, a will brewing at the correct temp for the right time depending on the tea. i enjoy golden monkey and mandarin green, try this site for more information. it also ha an interesting story about why milk/cream wa used. i personally drink tea straight, no cream or sugar."
"cut in half, smother with blue cheese and grill. yum!!"
"there is a spirtual system and a mechanism the inner connection doe not establish involuntarily.a spirtual guide,with the divine authority and power invested in him,synchronies god's name within the heart throbs. and once god's name transforms the heartbeat into remembrance og god,the light,as a result of this transformation is produced,which recreates the connection with god.. this is modernday phenomenal,goharian philosophy,which enables even the most sinner to find the lost connnection with god.the goharian philosophy is based upon divine love and global peace. our slogan is; allearth is but one community and all humanity is but one nation."
"with french pronunciation, you would say voe-ven-arg, with the last syllable slightly stressed and a strong ""g"" sound. the ""s"" is silent."
you will know if it a calling from god you will humble yourself and let god lead you to where you need to be if it just you wanting to do it for god then it may not work out. you have to let him do the leading. god bless!!
get a showing in a major city. they will come to you if you are good.
i think gnc sell some type of weight gain power shake. try there.
8 side are fairly easy. it is made up of two square set at 45degrees.
"it is a day of celebrating the green people of our country and their culture. it is a day when we remember their struggle and how they overcame oppression, racisim, and discrimination. it reminds u that we need to embrace people of all colors. green is beautiful baby!"
"mamachita literally mean little mother in spanish. it can be a title child give to woman who look after them when their mother isn't there. alternatively, it can mean ""hot mama"" so context is very important in it usage."
there is a lot of things. some people grew up in a family that didnt believe in god. or they had a bad experience in their life and they blame god for it.
"work with whatever medium you're comfortable with. a collage on hand-cut bristol board would look appealing if done properly. you may or may not want to transfer your work to your computer, or even do it entirely in a digital format."
"inner is more important in the long run. physical beauty may attract the guy's attention at first, but if he find that her personality suck or is not compatible to his, i believe he won't be able to continue the relationship. guy may be visual creature but give them some credit. after all, they have brain too :)"
the same could be said about the christians...the truth is most muslim are not fanatics...nor are most christians...but the fanatic are the one that get in the news. i assume it is natural for people to make conclusion when they only have a little bit of information...of course this lead to misunderstanding and war...and question like yours.
"depending on what you're wearing, sometimes the linen thread can come loose and show up on your clothes.. . with a choice of black or white napkins, you can pick one that's closer to the color of your pant or skirt and linen thread are not a evident"
hombre = man ...but we can using it a husband .. mujer = woman ... and we can using it a wife too .. . masculino = male .. . good luck
"traditionally they are made out of one piece of wood, but that can be rather difficult. if you have a saw and a home depot near you, you can make getas. check out the link, which is the main page, but if you want to go strait to the good stuff, check out the next one."
it mean a pal or friend that you share thing with.. . it is derived from mucking in together.
that's a great idea. i agree with you. . but i don'y know if it's possible...
"shout, spray & wash, tide-to-go.if the stain. remains, soak for several hour or overnight in a. warm-to-hot solution of detergent and water ....if it is still there try using white vinegar and if that doe not work then ........"
"if you are really a palestiniane but it in your heart and your mind that you will do your best to make your family proud of you ,i know it is hard to live in another country espicially with that difference in toughts and culture . but you have to do it girl . for the sack of the idea that arab are no use and no where . kiss"
"you don't have to. if you want to be considered member of that church, you obviously have to, but if you want to worship in your own way, that's fine too."
"the fact can be construed to state any number of truths. the truth is just that, the truth."
"the da vinci code basically say that jesus wa married to mary magdalene and that they had a daughter who later had descendent who survive to this very day in france. it also say that the church is trying to supress this knowledge. it further say that jesus wa not divine, just a good mortal teacher. book raise some good point but is filled with truths, half truth and rumor all mixed together."
because none of the staff on the plane want to clean them. they would rather leave it for the airport contract staff who have to clean the plane after it land and before it next journey - i think you should write to the airline that you were on - stating which flight so that the staff on that flight can be held accountable - if you do not complain then these staff member will get away with shirking their duty
"anti-semitism wa around for a long time before the holocaust. some of the earliest anti-semitism took place in 38 ad in alexandria where thousand of jew were killed. the holocaust wa an extreme example of anti-semitism, but there is a whole history of killing prior to and after the german holocaust."
"to salvage the nails. back in that time, nail were expensive and hard to come by. they would sift through the ash and reclaim them."
"if the answer is posted, than pepsi will have the coca cola secret of operating the business. sorry!!!"
":} . first baptist church wa the first established in that city , 2nd the 3nd there are 3rd also"
"puerto rico is a part of the united states. that's almost like asking, ""why did new yorkers go to connecticut?"""
"cream of tartar is an acidic powder that serf a a stabilizer for egg-based foams. . very useful for meringues, souffles, and any cake where you have to whip egg white in a large, foamy mass and then fold them into the rest of the ingredient (usually something dense and wet). the cream of tarter help hold the foam together so it doesn't completely collapse when you mix it with something else."
"ice is the answer. hold an ice cube against the gum.the gum will harden ,them just pick it off."
"do thing that you are passionate about, learn more about something that interest you, have confidence in your self, be willing to tell story about thing you have done. and don't tell them your life story in 5 minutes...less is more and keep them coming back."
perhaps it's anti bacterial lotion. probablly get alot of germ from handling cash all day and touching other people hands.
because they are from two different cultures.. it's not because they are from africa that they ve to be alike
"it mean good, fem. in hebrew. tov is good, masc."
"life in itself is a reason. is a blank check, an unfinished book, an open ticket to everywhere you wanna go."
"the virgin mary wa the woman who gave birth to jesus and mary magdalene wa a female friend of jesus during his ministry. contrary to some interpretation of the bible, she wa not a prostitute."
"you don't. . taxi company operate in, and are licensed by each local authority.. . if you want a taxi to drive you across the country, most will be happy to oblige."
"it gotta make room for all the heathen coming down. :-) honestly i don't know, but thats best guess."
maby it refers to arcade vinacular.. like.... screen hack = look at your oponents screen. owned you = i won. .... newb . ext.
"pretend like you got the spirit and jump up and down. roll up under a pew and whip it out real quick. point up and shout, it's him-while everyone look dig it out-then say-sorry, guess it wa just a cloud"
"free speech doe not necessarily mean truth in the speech. only those who speak in truth in the spirit of the word of god shoudl we listen to. it is our responbility to check everything someone tell u in the bible to see if it is true. if we are dumb sheep, it is our fault."
mohammad peace be upon him died from a fever. he died in his house and he wa with his wife aisha. he died while his head wa on her chest.
"prom is a high school dance that occurs towards the end of the school year. usually, prom is reserved for seniors(graduating class) but sometimes prom will be junior-senior"
"my favorite person is my wife. the is always there for me and support me in what ever i do. she is a lot of fun. my favorite actor are john wayne, humphry bogart, bruce willis and jack nicholson."
a** and that's your behind. f*** and that's........anyway. s**t and that's.........@$&@^%56. if u watched any movie recently that's the answer.
"supply and demand also dictate prices. amount of competition on a particular route will also play a part in pricing of flights. the more airline flying the route, the more competition..."
rotten mean it is at least partly decomposed... and decomposition creates gas. gas make the egg lighter.
"most profanity were first coined by male - so they spared their own sex [father, brother, etc.] from being included in their profanity !. ...persons involved in such incestuous relationship are the vilest of sex-criminals - in any and every human being's eyes, irrespective of their nationalities, races, or lingual backgrounds. so, they are any slanderers' first choice while abusing one another - because they'll hurt most !"
dont you think you should have posted this in the medical section? second if they hurt when you touch them then stop touching them. go to a doctor
"there are alot of confused people in this world. catholicism is a christian denomination, just a protestant, lutheran, methodist, baptist, etc. are."
this is not ur teaching class. ask question which can be answered shortly. who ha the time to fetch the book first and then find the poem from there and then tell u the meaning of each stanza.
"""ignorance is bliss"" is a reference to not knowing something that will cause you pain if you did. example: someone might be happy with their relationship until they found out their significant other wa cheating on them.. this saying ha nothing to do with the human's thirst for knowledge."
"four people are easy. get a big jug for water aswell a a bottle of bubbly, a big dish of whatever u cooked is fine if u want em to dish up themselves. a big table cloth is fine, maybe an additional cover co u kno people make mess when they eat"
"camus’ point is that even though we do not choose to exist, and cannot completely control what happens to us, we have the power to choose how we experience our situation. we have the choice of living joyfully, whether we exercise this option, or not. ultimately, no matter how powerful the god may be, it is our own mind that either imprison us, or set u free."
"i could hire you a my personal assistant. pay you $2 an hour, but you could stay at my house for free. don't have to pay bill or anything, just answer my phone and open my mail and stuff like that."
"i agree with cyril - not online. . . to really find a good friend, then be a good friend."
"cyber sex is just something weird people do. i don't do it, but i don't think it's degrading. why would it be special for filipinos?"
because people want to be brain damaged and hide in their own world not be exposed to something wrong that they can help with. might make the world a better place. can't have that can we?
why do you call yourselves 'whites' when you actually come in various shade of pink ?!
history is the study of past event and how they shape current events.. . natural science are the study of the world around u and how everything work in relation to each other.. . social science is the study of how human interact with other human on a social level.
"have a dinner party or bar-b-que and bring all your neighbor flyer saying something like ""meet your neighbor"". fouth of july would be a good day for something like that because most of the neighbor are cooking anyway. just have them bring something over."
there are actually lot of good job in canada if you have qualification and speak good english or french. go the the canadian immigration website to get started. good luck with it.
"i try to treat people the way i'd like to be treated. i don't want people carrying around a grudge against me, so i try not to carry a grudge against others."
"it's true that we don't easily gain weight, yes there are some exceptions, but most of u are thin. we don't put much oil in our food, nowadays peole have started to put more oil because it's more tasty, but most of u prefer to cook rice with steam, with nothing else. and most of the people get up at the crack of the dawn, you might say, like at 5 o'clock in the morning, to exercise before the long day ahead."
"get some parrafin lamp oil, a wick from the local craft store, and stick it in the bottle, and you have an instant lamp. if you want to mimic the italian restaurant effect, stick a candle in the opening and light that bad boy!"
"much of keats' poetry reveals a preoccupation with death and mortality; in ""ode on a grecian urn"" he describes his jealousy towards lover frozen in time, painted on a vase, because they will live on forever, forever being in love.. . in his ""when i have fear that i may cease to be"", he clearly lament that he may die ""before [his] pen ha glean'd [his] teeming brain"", and in his ""on seeing the elgin marbles"", he wish that he could create something that would outlive him (he knew his tuberculosis wa terminal), and compare himself to ""a sick eagle looking at the sky"".. . dying a young a he did, and having accomplished the tremendous critical and artistic feat he did, john keats truly may have been the most gifted poet in english - if not world - history, cut down by disease before he'd matured into generating true masterpieces."
beer and wine is easy to make. it involves no distillation.
"law (from the late old english lagu of probable north germanic origin) in politics and jurisprudence, is a set of rule or norm of conduct which mandate, proscribe or permit specified relationship among people and organizations, intended to provide method for ensuring the impartial treatment of such people, and provide punishment of/for those who do not follow the established rule of conduct.. . law is typically administered through a system of courts, in which judge hear dispute between party and apply a set of rule in order to provide an outcome that is just and fair. the manner in which law is administered is known a a legal system, which typically ha developed through tradition in each country.. . legal practitioners, most often, must be professionally trained in the law before they are permitted to advocate for a party in a court of law, draft legal documents, or give legal advice."
it a word to decribe a cult or a group of people worshiping together. i have no room in my life for religion of any kind. i had rather read the bible and be the best person i can be
"""the arctic is also known a the land of the midnight sun a it is within the arctic circle. the name arctic come from the ancient greek αρκτος, meaning 'bear', and is a reference to the constellation of the great bear and little bear, which are located near the north star (which is actually part of the little bear)."""
"there are many facet to this tragedy but, the simplest answer is bureaucratic incompetence. the same reason most government program fail including the fema fiasco after katrina"
"it wa customary in the mid-east to have more than one. also, extra wife came with ""treaties"" with neighboring countries, a a tie of ""blood"" so war were avoided. further, you had to be able to support them, without making one do without."
i don't believe in any so-called prophet of any religions. but that is my right i don't have to believe in them.
"death wa not a easily or accurately determined in those days. a person might be cut down from the cross while still alive. if joseph knew that jesus would come back from the dead because he had not altogether died, he kept his secret through the centuries. his version of event might then have something of the nature of a cover-up."
"hey i just made one of those. but what you have to do is make sure you have plenty of footage of your subject from all different angle and distance and have enough b-roll, have a good audio source, and a good editing program. have fun! =)"
"if you don't fully own the house and can't afford to keep paying the mortgage payment then yes, your house can be taken away. bank have a nasty habit of evicting mortgage defaulters. if you declare bankruptcy you won't be able to get a housing loan for several year - and may have more difficulty even after you get out of bankruptcy."
pierpont. . his full name is john pierpont morgan i
mainly it's because people listen to other people instead of studying for themselves. god is the same god now that he wa 2000 year ago. he didn't change. not really a good answer but it's the best i can do for now.
"there were no powerful african nation in 1800s. portuguese colonization of west africa, arabian conquest of east africa, ottoman conquest of north africa, and dutch conquest of south africa, not to forget the british, made sure of that."
"tapioca is from the cassava plant which can contain high level of cyanide, but the cyanide is removed by leaching leaving a fairly purified starch. it is a staple in many part of the world, and is a healthy a any other starch source. it can be used to replace wheat or corn for those with alergies to those foods. there is no harm in daily consumption of tapioca."
"try cookbook that focus on getting the whole dinner cooked in 30 minute or less. rachel ray might be a good start, or cookbook with ""quick and easy"" in the titel. make sure it's the whole meal that take <30 min, not just each dish."
"there should be no problem with driving in mid-may. a blizzard could happen, but most likely not. the highway are very well cared for and if there were to be a blizzard there would be a warning."
"because when they bake them they need to have an ""air hole"" so that the cracker doesn't rise too much and taste fluffy when you eat it. instead it seems like it is just a crunch."
you should apply to join the police. all police force in the uk operate a child protection unit via the c.i.d. with internet monitors.
"i think it is because when you put your elbow on the table, you tend to ""lean"" more over the plate and the table(and this is unsanitary!). plus, if everyone were to put all elbow on the table, it would take up all of the room and everyone would be bumping elbows...so, i also think that it is common courtesy to those who are sitting around the table!"
"adcantage: parent can contact them when needed, usefull in emergencies, can easily keep in touch. some tool in cellphone nowadays may help student i.e callenders, note, calculator etc.. . disadvantage: distracting and disruptive if abused. can be a tool for cheating."
"people were ""crazy"" about ike, sort of like they are about rock star now, because he wa a national hero (the man who had led u to victory over hitler). when he wa elected (1952) the war in korea had been going on for several years, and people believed he could end it."
"child are basically lazy. most kid don't have chore to do and they act just like their parents. those game like hopscotch are unheard of because parent don't take the time to teach their children. tv and video game are easy way to ""get rid"" of the kid from bugging parents...."
his doc's finally gave him some happy pills. i just want to know why he's not sharing them with the rest of us!
"because i want to share my idea and opinions. plus, it's for the points."
"a mark that each individual tool will leave on a surface. this is used mainly in forensics. for instance a saw will leave a different ""print"" than a wrench and no two saw blade will leave the same ""print."""
it is a easy a abc. a- ask jesus to forgive your sin and accept jesus into your heart.. b- believe in god and believe that jesus is the son of god and went to the cross and died for our sin and on the 3rd day arose from the grave.. c- confess jesus a your personal lord and savior
i try not to focus on all the negative stuff about me. i have enough self esteem issues. so i certainly don't need to be reminding myself of mistake i've made along the way. i forgive myself and forget.
"hi, i live in the ""rgv"", in texas (not taxes) and i really like it here. some people might find the weather to be really hot but eventually you get used to it, and in the winter time it doe not get that cold, so that's a plus. don't worry, about being bored here, because i'm sure you will find plenty of thing to do!"
"assuming you have the correct passport/visa, there are two way to travel;. 1) get a eurostar train from paris which us the channel tunnel and go direct to london with no need to get out of your seat or. 2) get a train to calais from paris, from there, there are very frequent ferry sailing to dover where there are train to london.. have a safe journey."
"they speak what god put on people's hearts...how they felt...their longing for god..thier honest pleading with him. take psalm 51 for example, king david had just been confronted with his sin. it is a beautiful psalm of repentance. others praise god ask for his help...they are some of the ""truest"" expressive writing in the bible."
"alas, they say you can't. the best you can do is stop drinking."
"he wa a defender of human right and an advocate of free trade, abolition of slavery, and other reforms. he wa also part owner and editor and chief of the new york evening post."
"powerful, passionate, often infantile. an personification of the human condition."
because everyone ha a point and time where they regress into a childlike state. whether it be when they are excited or upset. it just seem like most people regress when they are upset. maybe it seems easier than trying to face it like an adult.
"these people that condem homosexuality will go to hell for their crimes. they use the bible to justify their own predjudices... the same happened to black people, they will all be judged."
"post office take your photo and application and forward them to the u passport office which doe the review and certification. no you will not be able to walk out the door with the passport the same day.. . if you lived in dc you could go to the passport office and get same day service, but you would stand in line 4 or 5 housr for this.. . go to the web site below for more information."
"god gave all of u talent a gifts. look into your past and think of what path you have already been on,what mistake you learned from, combined with what you're good at this should help you figure out where you need to go in life. good luck and god bless"
"if you are in the us, you usually tip about 20% - 25%. if you are in japan, you don't tip."
"do you mean walk like you are crippled???. i guess you would walk like i do in real life.... i walk with a limp, but i did have back surgery and am disabled for life, so it is no joke.... wait till you have a disability one day and wish you were well again..."
"the covenantal name of god in the hebrew bible is written with the four consonants: yodh he waw he. this name is known a the tetragrammaton (greek for ""the four letters""). although the tetragrammaton wa pronounced freely at the time the torah and prophet were written, it holiness in judaism is such that it is no longer pronounced, except under very rare circumstances. in order to avoid offending religious jews, one should not pronounce or misuse this name."
try getting some sleep... that always shuts my mind down. heidi
"belacan, a malay word, is a kind of preserved prawn-based paste used for cooking malaysian or singaporean food. it may smell revolting to some people when it is stir-fried with some meat or vefetable. but it smell enticing to many many malaysian and singaporeans. ( hahaha...one man's meat is another man's poison)"
let's be frank.... . it's to give to girl who show their boobs.
2 way : - by train : monaco to cagnes sur mer(20mn) then a bus to saint paul de vence(10mn) cause there is no train station in saint paul. - by bus : monaco to nice(20mn) then nice to saint paul de vence(20mn)
check out this site if you are really interested. people lying can be very easy to catch if you know what to look for.
"heat a sauce pan over med-high heat, add a pat of butter. then........post your question in the right category."
"don't drink the water in any of those places. you'll get dysentary, and end up with horrible bloody diarrhea!"
"flattery, darlin. sweet flattery.. blarney stone is in cork ireland, near the blarney castle.. kiss me, i'm irish!"
"church began using stained glass windows, paintings, and other art century ago when the general population wa illiterate. it wa a way to teach those who couldn't read about their religion."
"politely, after asking the waiter's opinion. he eats there; he know what suck and what is good."
"this thought is the leading ideea from ""thus spoke zarathustra"", and belongs to the prophet which give the title of the book. with this motto is born the übermensch, the overman , the superior man that surpasses the human condition and is the master of his own destiny, because god wa just a man's invention generated by fear and weakness, by the need to be a slave. the overman know that he is on his own in the world and creates his own values. ""god is dead"" mean that the concept imposed by christianism have no meaning anymore."
the focus of a priest is the people. the focus of a spiritual master is himself.
"ishq = love. ashq = teardrop. but these are in urdu language(spoken in india). farsi slightly differs from urdu which is a mixture of farsi, arabic and hindi."
"in ancient egypt woman were in better condition than in whole ancient world, i think. they were partly independent [had their own capital from their parents], had the right to participate in social activities, vote in governmental activities... etc. also egypt wa the first ancient country where woman ruled land solely without any male companion."
"the way to spell this is ""phyllo"", pronounced feel-o. it's greek, and you may have had it if you've ever had baklava.. . you can buy it pre-made in the freezer section, and believe me that's way easier than making it. it's pastry that ha a zillion paper thin layers, so that it behaves just like a croissant does, crumbly and flaky, and shedding little bit of itself every time you take a bite."
"you know how to get the onion smell off your hand after chopping onions? if you have a stainless steel sink in your kitchen, rub your hand on the stainless steel sink or the stainless steel faucet. it will take the odor off your hands, then wash with soapy water. yes, it really works!"
"dog just fart, i dont think they mean to insult anyone or need to be excorsised or anything. it pretty innocent, but you can always lay hand on him in prayer or try changing his diet, and forget that canned food.....whewwwwwwwie!"
hi just checked the tucson show site and no zephyr this year. there is a show coming to milwaukee in june and they are not on it either look like out of business sorry! i would send a letter to address with return signature to see if it come back or not!
jelly is made with fruit juice and pectin and sugar. jam is crushed fruit and pectin and sugar. preserve are larger piece of fruit (think whole berries) and pectin and sugar
"it come from myth, homer, virgil, and a guy who lived between them who wrote about the time after achilles died in a work called the war at troy. today most modern historian believe that the war happened because of archaeological evidence at the site of troy and the historical record of the hittite and the egyptians.. . by the way, back in those day most people were ""descended"" from god because they could not trace their genealogy. so when they went back a far a they could, and it got to the point where ""god only knows,"" they adopted a god a an ancestor."
"being smart is having knowledge - e.g., street smart. intelligence is your capacity for smarts."
"nitrite is used in the curing process. this fix pigment in the meat and make it red. not because it's raw, you can cook it all day and it'll still be red."
because he wasnt a good owner? because they should be gray and not pink? because the elephant were outside and he knew they would need water at some point in time? maybe that the only water he had?
"well the future king of england's mother to marry a arab? the queen's men would never allow it, that is why she is dead! murdered!!"
"nah . in this world it always ""some assembly required"""
rio de janeiro is the correct spelling. check some source below
"i can't find any definitive sources, but apparently they were created by aborigine bush hand trying to keep the fly out of their eye when they worked. the ""whitefellas"" thought this right clever, and started to do the same thing."
"someone who is easily frightened by the thought of something bad happening to themselves, and is selfish in this manner. even avoiding death, when the situation arises where your death can save someone else's life is cowardess. so i would descibe a coward a selfish or self-conscious.. . we are all coward in some area of our lives."
we will have to write jello and protest.. i loved those things... i havent seen them forever tho.
"is this organic treated milk? milk can be treated in different ways. pasteurisation, ultra heat treatment(uht), skimmimg. each method ha different effect on the life of the milk"
"it is best to marinate it overnite in bbq sauce, teriyaki sauce or even soy sauce, but even if you didn't, i would recommend grilling (best) or broiling - just medium rare because either broil or bbq, if you cook it too long it could get really tough! then sprinkle with salt and freshly ground pepper."
if your talking about the book... here are some details.. . matt
"when cooking basmati rice, add oil and fennel seed to your water, it will making the rice better and more able to soak up the flavor of whatever you serve it with. the fennel seed are good for clearing your pallet."
"when family travelled abroad in ancient day they had sea between them. a an expression of their love and devotion people would depart from family with an oath to each other that meant they would always be a part of each other. hence, blood- meaning the family bond, is thicker-meaning stronger, than water- meaning the body of water between them."
"read the online reviews. in aruba, no matter which resort you choose, you are getting what you paid for. stay where you can best afford. see link below for review"
ghost are people that cannot accept they are dead. and spirit are what you buy in pub on the top shelf
i would soak it in bleach then rinse many time over. if they are tupperware you can exchange it. just call your dealer.
"the amish are pretty famous for their jams.. since the amish are farmer and grow all their food, probably thing like beans, carrots, potatoes, tomatoes, and other veggie and fruits.. they also raise beef and pork animals, which mean thing like sausage, ham, steak, and bacon.. the amish also eat homemade bread and rolls."
go to barnes and nobles..... . 1 go to the professional cooking section and buy a book on table service.. . 2. while there buy a book on english to go with it.
"there is only one realistic answer for this one. if it bother you, you need to get a new job. any action you take against him will only make him mad and put your employment in jeopardy. at least if you change job it will be on your own time, at your own pace."
"a bit cold, maximum temperature 6º c, minimum temperature of 4ºc. a bit rainy, especially in the evening."
"the lime turn a slight yellow when ripe, i haven't picked it from a lime tree but i have seen them turn yellow after i bought them from the store.. this is what i found on the web. . lime usually sold green, but yellow when ripe, however, due to their small size, they usually dry out before they are ripe, even more so than the other citrus fruits.. mexican lime is pale-yellow when ripe; somewhat rough to very smooth, 1/16 to 1/8 in (1.5-3 mm) thick; the pulp is greenish-yellow in 6 to 15 segment which do not readily separate; aromatic, juicy, very acid and flavorful, with few or many small seeds, green inside.. tahiti lime peel is vivid green until ripe when it becomes pale-yellow; smooth, thin, tightly clinging; pulp is light greenish-yellow when ripe, in 10 segments, tender, acid, but without the distinctive bouquet of the mexican lime"
what you learn in psychology is that some people cannot stand their life and they would rather jump off a buliding and die than live in the situation they are stuck in. they need to get help before it too late. i wa kind of confused about ur question... is this what u were asking
"a medium, a the name already say is a person who is giving his body and his higher astral or mental potential a opportunity to be used a canal of communication between two spheres....the physical and the astral world.. theese people who are calling them mediums, are working without asking money from people, because it is a gift. if they are asking money...in a very short time they are loosing their capacity...but they know it... just in case you know someone, who si working a a spiritual medium and is asking money for his service...tell him from me....if he is real...he know who i am...if he is fake...let him alone..."
"come from the lullaby, rock-a-bye back in the tree top, yada yada, bow break cradle will fall. something to do with being dropped on your head etc."
"generally you must be 35 and have been married for 8 years, if memory serf me. contact your priest. your spouse ha to consent to this permanent drain on your time."
"sociology is the study of society. the meaning of the word come from the suffix ""-ology"" which mean ""study of"" and the stem ""soci-"" which refers to society. it is a social science involving the study of the social life of people, groups, and societies, sometimes defined a the study of social interactions.it usually concern itself with the social rule and process that bind and separate people not only a individuals, but a member of associations, groups, and institutions. sociology is interested in our behavior a social beings; thus the sociological field of interest range from the analysis of short contact between anonymous individual on the street to the study of global social processes."
what happened to smoking a fag?. how come guy used to be named dick but not really anymore?. . evolution of language.
"it quite easy, simply sand it back until it nice and smooth.. . apply the stain, a many time a you think give you the colour your're after, and then apply a coat or two of wood lacquer to give it the glossy protected look.. . just be careful when you use the stain a it will stain anything it touces even cement."
i am not sure if this is what he mean but i believe that he is saying our spiritual journey is a trip from accusation into liberty. that's what paul said and this statement seems to follow those lines. i could be wrong his thought process is way different from mine.
if you invite the holy spirit into your heart then you must let him guide you. he talk with you he listens to you he help you make decision in other word invite him to be a part of your life..your best friend.
"because there is absence of any (coloring) pigment present in teeth. that's why they are always white. geography doesnt much manipulate the biological composition of humans.. . the color of calcium is also white, which is the prime substance present in the teeth."
"tamarind are slow-growing, long-lived, evergreen trees. tamarind may be eaten fresh, but they area most commonly used with sugar and water in the american tropic to prepare a cooling drink. the pulp is used to flavor preserve and chutney, to make meat sauce and to pickle fish. candy can be made by mixing the pulp with dry sugar and molding it into desired shapes."
"waterboro, maine 04087. there is also a waterboro, new york, but finding a zip code for that ha proven unsuccessful.. . i am not quite sure what this ha to do with san francisco though. if waterboro is the name of a neighborhood, then just go to yahoo map and enter an address."
it is only in a dark room for black and white film. color film is sensitive to any light. it ha to be totally dark to work with color film. b&w film is not sensitive to the color red.
to have some self-doubt is a good thing. it mean that you treat this world with the caution that it deserves.. when however this doubt harm your own life chance you should be aware that it is helping someone le deserving to succeed. get out there and kick....
"there are no absolute truths. the truth of a theory is merely it power to produce prediction that are confirmed by observations. however, different theory can produce similar prediction without one of them being right and the other wrong. ""true"" knowledge is the one that best survives the natural selection for predictive power."
levi 529s are what i wear now. they are the low rise boot cut and it work for me. diesel is also a good jean for me....but levi never leaf me hangin.
laub in german mean foliage (like leaf and bushes). so the would mean foliage-y. i suppose leafy?
"yes, apricots. apricock is just an archaic form of the modern word for this small, plum-like fruit. it wa used by shakespeare, but ha now fallen out of common usage."
"you know, it's not that easy. being a cult leader is very demanding. you have to worry about people trying to usurp power, you have to guard against lawsuit from concerned family members, and you need to spend money on promotion/advertising in order to attract members. there is a break even point, but it's a fight to make it to that level."
table setting i'm guessing is what you meant. table are set pretty much in the standard way they are in the uk and usa.
there are actually a lot of them. you will have to go to city hall. i believe that there would be certian place where one would be allowed.
"i have some news for you, there are no ""full time"" cashier job at vons. it's all part time, you'd be better off at a home depot or something."
"i like to make turkey salad,it is great when you don't feel like cooking,just get some bread,put it on and enjoy!!! yummy!!!"
i am not lost. i do not need to be found.
"if a baby is miscarried after one week of conception it would be too small for a woman to even know that she wa pregnant with a baby. to the woman it would just look like any other clot she can pas when she menstruates. she most likely wouldn't even know she is pregnant, would just think her period wa late and that she wa having a rough period this month."
"you can go up to the information desk at your library and talk to the librarian about it. just tell them about the stroy and they can look it up, they will beable to tell you the author and name of the story. i've had to do it before, it took them about five minute to find it, but they did."
"explicit memory is when you are ready to describe such information because you are aware that you're having it.. . implicit memory is vice versa, you are not aware and not ready to describe it. you must take some time to recall it."
"there probably is none. i doubt that we were created, intentionally. if, however, we were, then in one way or another, i would say our primary purpose is to learn."
"try holding your breath.. . also, try holding your breath and drinking a glass of water.. . good luck."
romance is the process with that other person that you are with or would like to be with. not the obvious but all the people that could end up with if it wasn't for that one day the day you met
"just let it roll off your shoulder! sometimes it can be hurtful, but you can't anyone cut you down with their words, or devalue your self worth."
"don't laugh, but dr. seuss's one fish two fish, i don't really own it but it wa my most favorite when i wa young, and each time i see it and read some it brings back the most happy memories. i even have some of it memorized."
"leprechaun were supposed to have lived in the hill and forest of ireland.. ""in irish folklore, leprechaun (old irish for ""small bodies"") are mischievous little old men. these elves, who work a cobblers, are believed to know where gold is hidden."""
"the short story is that the eu standardized on 75cl a the wine bottle size. the u already used a similar sized bottle (26 2/3 fluid ounces) and they decided a part of a (now forgotten) move to metrication to also standardize on 75cl.. . there are a number of theory a to why that size wa fomalized. it had been generally used for many years, and theory range from the amount a worker would drink at lunch to largest size that a glass blower could comfortatbly blow."
"one -australia.. good place :-)). fairly peaceful, not too many earthquakes, room to move a long a you are not on the road in peak hour..... wouldn't mind visiting nth america though- wisconsin & canada"
"i am not sure that nokia shop will help, but yes local cyber cafe do allow u. there are also many local photo shop that will burn cd for u. it should be between 100-150 inr ie 2-3 euros.. also in case u dont find suitable place to get ur cd burned, then go to cybercafe and upload ur photo on snapfish or yahoo photos.. . if u get a reliance internet cafe that will be best cause the provide the best internet speed."
"dunno. personally, when looking for inspiration before going for a cut, i try to find picture of people with a similar face shape or hair type for reference - 'cause that's (apparently) what indicates what you can have. it also depends on how much time and maintenance you're willing to give your hair. regardless of all that, if you go to a decent hairdresser they should give a free consultation anyway and let face it they're the experts, they should know."
"boob can be rather...uncouth! . i think you should just tell them...your eye are not piece of meat, and they need to get a grip on themselves. if you don't say something...who will?"
go to royalty free music website and download sample you can loop over and over again. good at eny editing skills?
"the first suicide took place on may 13, 1929. the new york time reported a witness a saying the man, later identified a ralph gleason, crawled out through one of the window of the crown, turned around a if to return, ""seemed to slip"" and ""shot downward, bouncing off the breast of the statue in the plunge."" the body landed at a patch of grass at the base, just a few foot from a workman who wa mowing the grass."
"it's to increase the surface area for absorbtion of oxygen a well a for gaseous exchange.. . by the way, what grade are you in?"
"there are also a lot of births. people, in general, are living longer."
reconciliation or confession. look in the bulletin. show up. tell the priest how long it been and they'll guide you through it.
arab are descendant of ishmael son of abraham but jew are descendant of isaac son of abraham. so they have the same gene and they probably look alike.
"one short sleepe past, wee wake eternally,. and death shall be no more; death, thou shalt die.. . death be not proud"
"one definition is a true account of what happened over a period of time.. however, break it down. it becomes ""his story."" often, history is the tale told by the winner of the battle."
"that, right there, did you see it? you just did it again. for more information consult your self."
"the bible a a whole might appear to an inconsistent piece of literature. to those that seek out the inconsistency in the bible, one is apt to find them. but to a person seeking spiritual help and guidance, and not inconsistencies, one line in the bible might contain the answer that person is seeking. it's all about faith."
"both are existentialists, meaning that they believe that there is no ""reason"" for u to exist (for example, they wouldn't believe in any god or god-type figure). according to them, we must make our own meaning in life."
"grayson probably ha 4 to 6 street in total. you don't need a map. just show up, stop at the local co-op and ask them where you want to go. in small town saskatchewan everyone know almost everything about everyone."
for what ? an amoeba?its the opposite of whatever you are unless your an hermaphrodite...lol...then you can do an eenie meenie minnie moe....
paint red dot on each others foreheads! - lol
"cow brain ha a fatty taste, more creamy than lamb brain. if cooked with on olive oil taste a little sweet"
silent gray sky look down. . tree defiantly raise branches. against falling snow.
"fate, can be said to be real, or not to be real. if fate, meaning that it wont matter what you will do in life, and you are already to to heaven or hell, then it not real. but yes, god doe know whats going to happen before it happens. but you can help make your ""fate"" a better one, not only for you, but for others, and if you have enough faith and work your hardest, you will be able to do anything."
i actually tried it just a while ago and my friend.. it landed butter side up! it took me 2 try to get it to finally land my way. i think i might have developed a psychic power..
mapping a course of action and the step to be taken beforehand. it help a person figure out the obstacle that are expected to arise and how to overcome them before coming upon them.
you can not prove or unprove the existance of god.. . the finite (limited) can never understand the infinate (never ending).
"im not sure but i think you may mean the act of contrition. this is a part of the catholic mass ceremony where the congregation repent of sin and are forgiven. it kind of a ""sweeper action"" to clear up small sin that you may be unaware of or have forgotten. the wording go ""oh my god, i am very sorry that i have sinned against you, in my thought and in my deeds, in what i have done and in what i have failed to do, and i ask all the angel and saint and you my brother and sister to pray for me to the lord our god."
because even the most educated man could still learn belief from a child. though to protect his pride he will uplift his own ignorance while downtrotting the child's truth.
"first time you mention it, you give the entire source, including page number for that specific citation. next time you mention it: if the second mention is right after the first, and it's the same page referenced, you just put ""ibid."" if the second mention come after some other footnotes, then you put ""ibid' and the correct page number you're referencing."
"do guzanos is the last mezcal i had. there is a bar somewhere north of st louis along the mississippi river that ha my name, along with a few thousand others, that had the mezcal. it come in a very small bottle (1 shot) and ha a worm in it"
"it a bit difficult but i think the best thing to do is go to church and get divine intervention. you can also try to live in environment that are drug free such a park and maybe the lake, anyplace that won't remind you of drug"
"i think you mean mehadrin. mehadrin is a term from the kashrut, the jewish food law."
my sentiment exactly! lol just like grape nut cereal! man hard crunchy little things!!!!! ickey!
to build expesive apartment is an understatement. it wa mainly built a a freeway system along lake michigan to allow commuter to get around and also get across the river.
mcdonald's doesn't put it in the packets. they buy the packet from heinz or mccormick.
"my name's emma, and i believe it mean ""hard working"", but i went to greece a few year ago and in their language it mean blood!. my sister's name is sarah which apparently mean ""princess"" so when i grew up i liked to think of myself a cinderella!!!"
"pornography is compared to adultery(fornication) in islam..and it is considered a sin and one should repent from it.....why is it compared or alike? because when u see porn, it may open a door to fall into adultery"
the battle of vicksburg led by ulysses s. grant. a victory when the union wa desperate for success. it gave the union control of the mississippi.
i am a little perplexed by this myself... i wonder how many of the young people realize he wa a communist revolutionary.
"people wish to live that way. it is not legal in america so they merely live together most of the time.. . but in other nation it is legal and a status symbol, like owning a new beamer in your garage, in other area it is just the way society lives.. . bibically many people in the old testement lived in polygamy,"
"only get the red ones. no, don't eat skin; cut slit (4 places) and it will peel very nicely. i love mangos."
"cow milk. that's what cow do best. drinking goat milk is like drinking cat milk, it is nasty man."
"because some people just follow a mold, and going to the prom is part of that mold, so they think everyone should, or should have.. . i did not go to mine either - boring people, lousy music and gross food - who want an evening of that? isn't that what wedding are for?"
i don't know what you are talking about.. i thought it wa spelled lithsp.
cut a lemon in half and rub it on it...do not use bleach on any other cutting board but plasic based one unless you wanna f*ck your cutting board up!!
it's the first day of the new year. but something i just learn is that some denomination actually celebrated feast of christ's circumcision.. . but for some interesting new year history go to the link below.
u have to go to yahoo and then go to your acc. and change it
i dont know about korean but i can tell u the logic. well sitting on the floor when eating stop you from over eating. your stomach is pressed by your leg making it virtually impossible to eat full. and that is better for your health.
because he didn't know how to write tv scripts...or stupid question on yahoo! answer
you can't. they are two different chemical compounds. baking soda is sodium bicarbonate and baking powder is sodium carbonate. hope this clarifies your quesrion.
"eliot made no bone about the fact that he wa a man of books; he read the classics, in english, greek, latin, and the romance languages, and writes for people like himself. just like we speak with catch phrase from tv or movies, he writes with more subtle catch phrase from the bible, shakespeare, virgil, and the anglican book of common prayer.his ""tradition and the individual talent"" is very important to understanding his writing; he see himself a trying to fit into the canon of english classics, and he brings all his academic brilliance to bear in his poetry to that effect."
"man, it's march 8 in my part of the world and march 7 in yours. what gives?"
depends if this person ha acheived something you aim for? dont leanr how to buy a house from someone who life under the bridge..and dont leanr child care from someone who ha no kids....if this person ha done something that you would like to follow..sure go for it....
i don't know. i really don't like question that aren't about me.
try klm airlines. they're a dutch airline i'm fairly sure...
"all of the emotional stuff aside, the biggest turn on for me is someone lightly kissing my neck. i just thought i'd give a different kind of answer, no knocking what anyone else said though. :)"
"thing that are good for u (exercising, studying) are usually tedious and the reward don't come immediately. thing that aren't so good for u (eating candy, watching tv) give u immediate satisfaction."
"i use frozen spinach in my dip, thawed and drained (i put the spinach in a strainer and push the extra water out), i then drop the spinach in the food processor and hit that a couple of times, add a 1/2 a brick of cream cheese (softened) a 1/3 cup miracle whip, dried onion, garlic power and a dash of salt, pepper to taste. then puree until smooth chill and garnish with rosemary leaf when served. my daughter love the stuff (when she had cucumber to eat it with) and wa an all time favorite at family gatherings."
quality of time spent with child is perhaps more important than time.. that doe not negate the value of time. quality plus quantity is always the best choice.. all this assumes that the mother’s influence would have been a positive one anyway.. increased time and contact will make the child’s moral more like the mother good or bad.
"when you forgive, you are in essence saying, ""i am not going to let this betrayal,or whatever eat me up. i am moving on with my life."""
your premise is flawed. man is intrinsically bad according to the bible.
"busting up little guy on his way to amass his fortune. read economic history. the son felt guilty and paid society, a best a they could, to help clear the old bastard name,a dreadful robber baron."
being poor mean u have no money to eat.. . being negative poor mean u do not have money to eat and top of that u are in debt.
"you just know! it's all in your instinct.but if you still don't know,follow my theme for life...try everything(at least)once! :0>"
"heat denaturalize proteins. plus, lipid suspended into the water aggregate to large drops, and float. denaturalized protein and lipid form the layer..."
hurricane season start in october/november. i would not go then.
it's an old southern saying from the time of slaves. see the black slave where not really allowed to marry so when the bride and groom jumped over the broom they thought they where married.
"i've been wondering the same thing. my best answer is that people like to live in the moment and not think about the future. also, it appears to me that the people that do this like to be ""different"" and that is another reason they do it. oh well, at least it's not my ear!"
"actually psychological disorder is one chapter or subtopic in abnormal psychology. under abnormal psychology, you'll learn many psychological disorder like schizophrenia, anxiety disorder and major affective disorder."
"it german for 5 cents.. oh, and they don't use pfenning (or marks) in germany anymore. it all euros."
"this wa a sunday, and in some respect this wa the first ""church service."" after realizing who he wa when repeating the very last meal christ ate, they saw immediately who he wa and the significance of what had happened.. . having accomplished this, jesus left them."
"it is hot and humid so be prepared, but it is better than the pouring rain i've experienced there in the fall. if your going on vacation, make sure to go to atleast one broadway show and one cool restaraunt. new york is my 2nd fav place in the world!"
"he/she still remain your friend in whatever bad condition happens to you. and even if you both had fights, still remains your friend"
"her mother slept with the wizard and that's the effect of a human/ozlander relationship...wicked, the life & time of the wicked witch is a really good book. her sister is the one with the birth defect (no arms) due to the potion from nanny to guard against her coming out green too......"
u can write a letter to the editor of the local newspaper telling them ur name and the name of the person that you are trying to find. i've seen ppl do that in the newspaper and i guess it works.i'm adding the website of our local newspaper below.. you can also call directory assistance in trinidad nad tobago and simply ask them to connect you to m x. once she is listed under her name u should through. hope u find her:)
i thought he died in the gutter (done to death) muttering something to the effect of what a great artist he was..... . will go and check.......
"imagine entertainment. 9465 wilshire blvd., 7th fl.. beverly hills, ca 90212"
i thought only a stupid person would ask this question. you surprised me.
"because it help u to understand how human think and why we behave a we do, and this knowledge is essential for everyday life a well a in applied setting such a therapy. by understanding this, we can also understand what change we need to make if we want to predict or alter that behaviour. a an example, advertising and marketing draw strongly upon social and cognitive psychology, and psychophysics; only by understanding human perception and cognition, can we can adapt advertising to be more effective."
india's name is derived from the indus river and ha been a traditional name in the west. hindhu is derived from the same source. bharata is the hindi word for india especially northern india.
"it is the simplification of everyday function and the ability to equate them to more complex processes. in short, you explain why something happens in a way that relates to your own theory on the subject. example: ""the sun is yellow because i believe that the blue sky filter out the other color in the vast spectrum of the visible color band"". just pick a topic and write on your own belief but back them up with verifiable evidence."
"heat a sauce pan over med-high heat, add a pat of butter. then........post your question in the right category."
thing are happening. just read your bible to see
"maybe a soufflé? this is a classic french dish made with cheese and eggs. the name come from the french verb ""souffler"" meaning to blow or to puff, because the beaten egg mixture puff up when cooked in a hot oven."
because human are visually stimulated. research ha leaned more towards men being more visually stimulated and woman being more emotionally stimulated. so you see something you like and you get turned on by it. there's nothing wrong with that!
"you can do anything you want if you put your mind to it.. . check the site below, he's been travelling on his own for eight year with little or no money and ha gone all over the place. he's got great tip for budget travel."
"they did with me & i went to the bottom of the page to ""tell u what you think"" & voiced my opinion...it wa a very petty report by a petty questioner....it wasn't abusive or lude....he just didn't feel like i answered his question....i haven't seen him on here since. this is odd, i bet if u look hard enough, you can find oout who reported u & why & issue a grievance to yahoo. good luck"
it's an emotional response. maybe they just don't like seeing others in pain.
"are you in a leadership role? cuz i went through this at a call-center that i ran, and i put out a memo that stated something like, ""personal hygeiene on the job"" and listed a few basic requirement like showering, washing hair, clean & ironed clothes, brushing teeth & using mint if necessary. then i stated at the bottom, ""most of u are doing a great job coming to the workplace clean and tidy, but maybe a few of u need a reminder, to keep the office looking and smelling it's best"".....it worked !!!!"
great question to cute....wow never thought of that one. i have never met anyone like that. but if you say there are people who do then i have just learned something new today.
"jumping to conclusion is allways really hard not to do, usually what i try to do is focus on the direct meaning of the word conveyed, and if somone is giving out body language just asking them what is the matter or if they are angry with me. and then i also try to concentrait on my own action and word and it usually keep me from reading into others actions. but yes i am a type of paranoid person who lay awake at night and think that everyone is out to get me, and that no one is telling the truth and they are all evil. so i try to just concentrait on the real word and thing that are conveyed or spoken, so i dont delve in too deep into the meanings."
"i wanna meet moses cuz' how did he keep his cool with those whining, unthankful isrealites?? i mean, i lose it with my kids....but 40 year of that?? ......i don't think so. well, he had jehovah's blessing, so maybe i need to do some more praying...."
"i think the expression is ""up and at them"". at least, that's what i've always heard. i can see where if you are just waking up it would sound a bit different."
literature is all about using your imagination to write and people using their imagination to read. so that is imagery: using image to fuel your imagination!
"it only seems to be an american custom to eat the salad first, a most european and eastern culture have the salad after the main course.. . why?? don't really know why american started eating it first, but since it's different, maybe that wa the reason ... just to change thing up from the old country."
"the best way to identify a phony christian is if he belongs to a popular church.. . a true christian, one who follows in christ footsteps, would be just a popular in one of today church a jesus would, and he'd no doubt be asked to leave."
because it's so pure and doesn't have mineral in it. dasani bottled water which is made by coke show this. they purify regular water and then add mineral and such to make it taste like water.
"there is a chakra crystal that ha seven stone on it, corresponding to the major seven chakras. it will clean them for you. i think my wife may have those, but i am not sure, they might have been sold out already. at any rate, you can get them in any metaphysical bookstore.. until then, i suggest you would get some book on kriya yoga.. good luck."
it's the guilt. it's hard to let go of it but once you surrender to christ's love it's not that hard at all. it's done and in the past and you are forgiven. :)
"it ha an abab structure and an iambic meter varying between trimeter and pentameter... the iambic meter give it the feel of the water flowing back and forth enhancing the metaphor (which is why it is perhaps my most favorite poem)... other than that, it could be considered ""victorian"" due the time frame it wa written...."
"there are two different thing called california rolls.. . one is sushi the other is a wrap that contains usually contains avocado, cheese and tomatoe. a number of other ingredient such a sprout"
"the answer above is incorrect. a cottage industry is a small business that operates for small profits, run a a sideline or with local people. it is not necessarily a historical term a cottage industry are still going today. oxford dictionary describes it a 'noun a business or manufacturing activity carried on in people’s homes.'"
"study, watch tv, read, play with my cat, talk on the phone, work on other on-line projects. it's basically just a pleasant diversion, and you can learn a little something."
pay it forward! do something good for others a that good samaritan ha done for you.
"life come from life!. your body is made of all element in existence,but it started only when a soul-from your father's semen-fertilised your mother!. it's the same for every living entity.when the soul departs-death-all matter return back to it original composition-earth to earth,water to water etc...matter is not conscious!crazy scientists,who wish to deny the existence of god andthe soul,try to explain life without any spiritual element-we are not robot or computers.such machine function only when someone work on them,otherwise they just decomposes slowly."
"bulgogi is beef marinated in soysauce, sugar, ginger, garlic, and sesame seed. it is something like the japanese teriyaki beef but it is often boiled before being grilled to tenderize the meat."
"counselor, school counselor, teacher, therapist, area in bus marketing that psy can help. research and study in behavior, testing development and implementation. social workers, child protection, adult protections, grief counseling, target is currently looking for psy major to work a managers."
"there still snowing time to time in march. temperature around 0 celcius, but usually more than 0 in a daytime. in the end of march tree and grass are awaking after a winter, bird are coming back."
"the suture in your skull are the ""lines"" formed when the different skull bone joined together. baby are born with separate bone (6 of them actually), and a the baby grows, the bone ""merge"" and become one. suture are important in child because it allows some shifting during childbirth, it allows brain growth."
first of all analyse yourself .. wat is it that make u feel inferior ... wen u realize wat it is then tell yourself taht u r not inferior .. your beliefe in yourself .. and the fact that u r still not the worse and u r better off than 1000 people is wat will get u out .. no1 but u urself and your belief in yourslef can u out of it .. i am disabled physically .. i have no frnds ... and still i dunt suufeer from inferiority complex because i still am too talented for a normal person to challenge .. . i pray god get u out of it .. . god bless u .. amen
their body can handle the bacteria in the water. the body develops an immunity to it.
"i think in order to have peace of mind, you must try best to eliminate stress from your life, to attempt to stay balanced, to be happy and content, to be loved and give love, to be fulfilled in your daily work.. . this might be accomplished by never settling for le in life, by working a job you love, by opening your heart to love, by eliminating negativity which may try to approach you, by being kind and generous.. . even then, event occur which we cannot control which will stop u from having peace of mind, so we just do the best we can.... . unless we have teenage daughter - then we will never have peace of mind."
"my roomate had the same project last year ... we tried bunch of things, including wetting it, putting it a bag, putting it in a bag with bananas. he ended up getting some from a dumpster ^_^. . eric"
dinosaur were gone long before noah. they were gone before the creation of man.
advantage: maybe you'll see dragon eating your short and imagine the roof is falling down on you.. . disadvantage: maybe you'll see dragon eating your short and imagine the roof is falling down on you.. . would you want to take something that can screw with your mind and make your brain permanently altered after repeated use? all depends on what you want to achieve.
"actor (not acters) need the attention of the public to remain popular and continue to make popular movie and earn huge amount of money. it's a two-edged sword -- they need the public attention, but with that come some people who are boorish, inconsiderate, rude, and sometimes dangerous."
a typical indian is who belief when in rome behave like a roman and want to do everything westerner do when he is in a western country. but when it come to marriage want a desi indian girl.. . rest of quality are already given.
you might have to go into a library to find out the information. there might be report in local newspaper on the fire and there would also be a coroner report. it might be in the canadian library and archive and would be at the newfoundland library or the memorial university of newfoundland. i would speak to your public librarian especially if you are in canada.
"brilliant question. because we love to argue, i guess. two point to the kid, yay."
"india being a large, diverse country ha many different cuisines, namely punjabi, moghlai, bengali, udupi (south indian)...depending on which part of the country you are in. since, sri lanka is in close proximity to south india and because they share similar climate and region (coastal regions), south indian and sri lankan food is very similar consisting of ingredient such a coconut milk, fish, rice, banana leaves, etc. the only difference would be the amount of ingredient used. usually, a sri lankan would say they use more spice and more coconut milk in their recipes."
"could be made into a wonderful pesto, to put on pasta. would be delicous. just add a handful of it to the food processor, add some good olive oil, salt, pine nuts, and garlic. mix well, put into bowl, add some parmesan cheese, pour on cooked pasta..........yummmmmmmm!"
"start a rumour that george bush love baseball bat and anyone who owns one is sided with him. since it's very ""in"" to be against the president this should take care of the bat problem."
"every news station ha an investigation unit and should have the phone number to reach them right on the website. if there is a fox or nbc near you, those are the big one in my area always investigeting compnaies and exposing hazzards. try them."
"definitely go to the website the previous poster suggested. that is your first step. whether you can become a canadian citizen depends on many thing so there are too many factor to really discus them here, but your level of education and country of origin are considered."
wow not a single well thought out answer yet. that is sad that people have to look the word up or use quote from someone else to describe a natural life state.. happiness to me mean that i awoke this morning to see a smile on my husband face for another day. to hear him laughing on the phone just a moment ago a he talk to his mother.
"chocolate is often described a a 'comfort food' because it release endorphin in your brain, it actually a very, very mild, harmless high. . . and because pudding is so jiggly and delicious!"
because jarred ate basically bread and lettuce and walked a lot.. . you are eating basically saturated fat and polymers.
"people are self loving, that being said it is easier to dislike anything or anyone that is different than (self) and even hate them. hate start with name calling which is used to separate you from me. once separated, i can abuse you or say bad thing about you because your different. wish it were not so, 6 billion of u on the big ball and we differ in so many ways."
wedgie- when you get your underware up ur but. frontial wedgie- when it happens in the front
pride (in the name of love) . . awesome song with a meaning.
"american's have roughly the same amount of taste a people in any other country in the world. which is to, practically zero. the only exception to this rule is australian who, a everyone knows, have absolutely no taste whatsoever."
simple answer is because they want to be. they don't have to be and know it. they just seem to want to be that way and not change.
"con mean ""joined,"" ""form"" mean shape.. . so joining with the shape. this can be a literal shape (coloring in the line is conforming to coloring standards), proverbial shape (school or work uniform are the shape/identity of that particular organization), and so on."
"after your car is warmed up place some cotton towel on it and soak up what you can. also, shop vacums work great for that...if you do not have one use the vacum at your local car wash, they are made to suck up moisture too."
polite elephant by richard scarry is great. he also ha a lot about manner & behavior in what do people do all day? and others.. . the junie b. jones book would be great to read to her - hilarious and lot about what not to do!
"""in the early '30s, an academy librarian named margaret herrick remarked that the statue looked like her uncle oscar. the name stuck, and the academy staff began referring to the statue a ""oscar."" in 1934, sidney skolsky mentioned the nickname in a column on katharine hepburn's first best actress win. the name caught on, and the academy officially adopted it in 1939. """
"basically, it mean a conservative christian, a opposed to a liberal. evangelicals believe that the bible is the basis of their faith (as opposed to tradition.) evangelicals are protestant, those church that go back to the reformation. evangelical is sometimes thought to be the same a fundamentalist, though this is not always the case."
3 minutes...that's where they got the idea for an egg. timer
"reverence (giving respect) to a higher power/being. spirituality ha nothing to do with accepting a religion, though religion can include spirituality.. . spirituality also doesn't mean the belife in one's spirit which will go to heaven, but rather a spirit of life which all life has, an interconnectedness to everything."
"i've heard ""hell in a handbasket"". i think it mean big trouble in a small place."
"i am assuming you are talking about sushi. if you are in the us, you usually tip about 20% - 25%. if you are in japan, you don't tip."
"it's a true biker ... a 1% er. meaning 1% percent of the population. go to the link and down at the bottom of the page, i've known this meaning for year though."
"an old jedi mind trick: the ventriloquist fart! someone else get the blame, you are home free.. or, the old torch and ghetto blaster trick. doe a tree make a sound falling if no one hears it?"
"correct spelling is modus operandi, i.e. the operating method, the procedure"
"christian typically make for good pretenders. don't take that from them, that may be all they have.. . let put this question to a vote, and see which one of these great answer wins. what do you say?"
"with a seam ripper and a lot of patience. depending on the material, you may have hole in the shape of the stitch to deal with a well."
"first, it is jonh rawls. second, s a thought experiment, the original position is a hypothetical designed to accurately reflect what principle of justice would be manifest in a society premised on free and fair cooperation between citizens, including respect for liberty, and an interest in reciprocity."
"you must have gone to a very small town, because most people don't speak that way in mn. because the weather is cold so much of the year, any dish that is hot is a big deal...a way of sharing. and everyone ha an accent...just listen."
"what you are talking about is called personification. since human are not exclusive of their environment, yet very different from what we technically refer to a nature this kind of behavior is a conscious effort to bridge the gap.. at a subtle level perhaps it ha more to do with the existentialist aspect of life where left in a world devoid of clear answer man make his own connection with nature. it in our nature to look for similarity in our environment which help u escape the burden of being alone."
"first of all, it's criminy, not ""crimany,"" and when i employ it, i am making no reference to christ or any other diety. it's a simple (and wonderfully outdated) euphemism designed to express exasperation without resorting to profanity. i find it sad the way religious type always assume everything is an attempt to ""use the lord's name in vain."" i mean, criminy!"
"no, when the man did, go figure.. . wow and all this time i thought pebble wa fred and wlima's child, bam bam? lol"
"banana is one of the quickest way to cure a hangover is to make a banana milkshake sweetened with honey. the banana help calm the stomach, and with the honey, build up the depleted blood sugar levels. the milk soothes the stomach and rehydrates your system. banana are also rich in the important electrolytes, magnesium and potassium, which are severely depleted during heavy drinking."
"woman handwriting is generally neater than men handwriting. like the first guy said, men dont really pay attention to their handwriting, while woman do. if you have bad handwriting and one day decide to pay attention to it, then it actually doe get a little better. not substantially, but a little."
"concentrate, work hard at school, put your question in the right section. one day you will get a boyfriend. right now you don't need to be concerned about it."
"i live in a small town in western washington- our selection here are okay, but could be better. the best place to find gluten free food are at health food stores- trader joe's, henry's marketplace (california), pcc markets, ect. you can usually find them in the yellow pages."
"penicillin is derived from a fungus, not from a plant.. . i can't find anything about goacanga, but there is a plant called canga that grows in the indian state of goa."
it a delight if you can get past weird vocab and concentrate on the actual scenario described. . check out what these people have to say
"soccer sex: try a ""hands off"" policy- no using her hand to please you, only lips, body, arms, legs, etc. it's a challenge for both of you, and you might come up with some new favorites!"
"some buddhist in china and vietnam also avoid eating strong-smelling plant such a onion, garlic, chives, shallot, and leek, and refer to these a wu hun (五葷, 'five spices'). one theory behind this buddhist dietary restriction is that these vegetable have strong flavour which are supposed to excite the sens and, thus, represent a burden to buddhist seeking to control their desires. another theory is that these are all root crops, and harvesting them requires killing organism in the soil.. . good question aaron!"
"the side of a pig's belly. if you cut it really think and have some cheaper cut without much meat on them, some people call this ""streak 'o lean""."
catholic are christian! every christian church no is an offshoot of the catholic church.
harlem renaissance which also sparked a new sense of identity a well a black music and literature. huge article at wikipedia if you need help
"you've got such a good point!. . being so judgemental is not the path to heaven.. . but don't worry about others, just be the best person you can be."
"because in this country,everyone is in denial. we're the biggest pervert around but at least in europe they admit it, we don't."
apply for one. the u postal service can help you with this. call 1-800-ask-usps for info on what you will need and which post office in your area ha this program.
like all good father he wanted his child to be educated and grow up. but like any parent can tell you it's never easy on either the parent or the child.
because they are all dead now. this explains why they are not eating pork.
"poorly...... . oh, you want to learn....check this site"
"sweetness is right, europe wa a half-goddess loved by zeus, who, a a taurus, abducted her and fled through the air with her on his back.. juno, zeus's wife, being terribly jealous discovered the treachery and sent a bee to sting the taurus (zeus).. he dropped europe and she drowned in the adriatic sea, hence the name of the continent."
"it's a traditional irish wedding ring,dating back to the 1600's.the heart stand for love, the hand for friendship and the crown for loyalty and fidelity. when worn on the left ringfinger,crown facing out, it mean your heart is 'available', worn on the right ringfinger, crown facing in, mean there is someone special in your life, and worn on the left ringfinger,crown facing in mean your heart is taken and your love requited."
"i don't fly kite on st. joseph's day. i wear red, honor my father and grandfathers, and honor my patron saint."
red licorice is red and usually taste like cherry flavoring. black licorice is black and taste like black jelly beans.
put it up for auction. that should give you a pretty good idea of what it's worth.
"because our tongue have different cell that enable u to taste different flavors: sweet (on the tip), salty (on the sides) and bitter (on the back), so, being the sensitivity to sweet the lighter one it the only that burn with garlic. with chili all your tongue burns."
"i think it a fear of the unknown, more than anything else. uncertainty is hard to deal with, and not knowing exactly whats going to happen is scary. i am afraid of dying but not of being dead, because dying a a process could be painful and i'm a wimp."
"because milk is mostly water, which they evaporate out.. . and by the way, a mcdonalds quarter pounder ha a patty that weighs a quarter pound before they cook it. after it's cooked it weighs 63% less."
"i think that the origin of the term black market ha to do with the fact that we can't see when it's dark. there are many hidden thing in the dark...therefore, everything that is kept secret is black."
"there's this thing that's like a tilting turn table, and what it doe is tilt the cake slightly for easier decorating. you could use that and then wax paper on the edge a you add the sprinkles. it's not really 100% possible to not make a mess while adding sprinkle to the side of your cake, trust me, i took a cake decorating course and even the pro would make messes."
"a for the picture, a biometric passport photo is simply a portrait of you from the neck up with your head turned a bit off to the side. make sure you have a neutral expression. everytime i had to go to the ""auslaenderbehoerde"" or foreigner's office a an american in germany, i just looked for a friendly turkish person near the photomat and asked them for help - they always knew the in and outs! :-)"
buy them some bath product and perfume just a a nice gift. if that dont get through just tell them when you are alone with them.
"i agree with most of the answer re people who are blind. also, very well educated drunk can use it."
our celebrity culture a hyped by mtv (mtv cribs) and dozen and dozen of lifestyle magazine are to blame for this. if you see enough time that some celebrity is wearing this brand or that brand eventually you want to wear that brand too no matter what the cost.
"nervousness, jitteriness, talkativeness. also water retention, and in females, breast tenderness."
"what do you mean ""the church?"" even if we assume you mean christianity, every denomination is doing thing differently. there's nothing they're all doing well or badly in."
"what is the purpose of this question being asked under travel/south africa? . sorry, just asking!"
"cute princess: you are eleven year old and should not lie. if you cannot ask some of the question you have already asked without telling lies, you are a silly girl.. ask your question by all means, but be honest with yourself and the answerers. take care."
"salt water actually ha a higher boiling point than pure water, so maybe it allows the water to reach a higher temperature and the spaghetti cook faster?. . although i think it would take a lot more than the sprinkle of salt most people toss in."
"lack of essence need to be covered by something. this crass way is the way of the simple minded. . i understand that discussion between sex partner need to be open enough, for mutual joy, but there is a long way from open to gross."
"because they are not jews. they are gentile who follow a religion, christianity, that disagrees with most of what the bible says, which is why it split off from judaism. they may have a belief in being 'grafted in' to the jewish 'root', but this is their belief, and is not a part of judaism."
madeye moody wa an imposter. the real madeye wa kept prisoner in a magical chest. the imposter wa working for voldemort.. . (moody wa rescued at the end of the book/movie.)
"christian are persecuted in afghanistan because this is a nation of islam. islam ha a very strong conviction against christian because they believe they are going about religion and life in general the wrong way. in afghanistan, which is trying to become a democratic nation, there is no freedom of speech or religion. feel fortunate to be able to have place on earth that are free of such persecution."
"ok well first, we're still here, so our histroy contiunes on thru today. second, you'd have to ask each of u individually how we view ourselves-everybody ha thier own opinion of self.. third, if a nation or tribe is tax exempt (most are not!!! btw only 2% of the recognized 500 or so nation actually have casinos) it is becuase that group ha been recognized by the u government a a soverign nation-that mean a pre-existing nation within a nation-get it?. fourth, you always hear more history about other minorities, because most people think we're almost extinct."
"it's your machine, dude.. it's what you drive through the course of your earthly existence-. it's hard to describe the sense of connectivity that one feel when driving a properly tuned machine.. a responsive machine always steer where you drive it."
"one of the best thing i did to improve my assertiveness wa to learn to look people in the eye when we spoke. it improves confidence and communication levels. a far a asserting your feelings, be patient, listen alot and respond appropriately.. you live and learn."
"reorder your priorities; relationship are a risk, nothing is guaranteed. friend are a comfort, but also a risk; they can and often will hurt your feelings, be honest and be direct, leaving no doubt that your friendship is not to be taken for granted"
agree with him. that always throw them off balance.
"it's a delicious cocktail with rum, mint, lime, sugar syrup and tonic. they are fantastic when made properly, but maybe not for everybody.... my dad once told me ""if i wanted a lemonade, that's what i would order."""
"there is no reason to be if it doesn't feel right to you. just tell them to back off and not pressure you. if they are a good of christian a they think they are, they will. if not they aren't really the friend they profess to be and distance yourself from them."
1. take a stick. 2.shove a marshmallow on the end.. lol i can't continue. laughing to hard.
"because society are becoming more violent, more individualistic, more materialistic and more selfish. people are convinced that only their own profit matters, and they have been trained to see the others a obstacle to obtain that profit. so, in short, people are rude because they/we tend to see the others a the enemy."
yogurt is milk that ha been fermented by acidophile and other bacteria to chemically change it. the bacteria are one that naturally occur in your intestine and that is why it is often recommended for your diet after you have taken antibiotic which destroy those bacteria in your body.
:}. what you cannot gain or hold on to by reason and spiritual right you do by force.
i think you already know the answer to that. why provoke an arguement.
"oxtails, steak and chicken would have iron, b3, b12, protein, . rice ha vitamin b6. salad ha fiber."
we are animal you know! we enjoy each others company. we want to feel apart of something.
you idiot think that we killed jesus? get a life. all of you.
"i can confirm that it is also ""dobro dosli"" in croatian. tiny ""v"" on top of the s.. . pronunciation: dough-bro-dough-shlee (except you trill the r like in spanish)"
"""americans"" don't do this - the wacko leftist medium in america doe this. the medium in america support all the wacko in the country by featuring their weirdness on the nightly news.. . it's like everything else - it's the few rotten hundred million that ruin everything for the other eleven."
"not all sugar are white, there is brown sugar 2. it depends on what it wa made of!"
"it depends on the company, some prevent the fermentation from fully happening, others take it away by evaporation after, due to the different boiling point of alcohol and water. i believe they use a process called vacuum evaporation."
"i can fart do, re, mi, fa, sol, la, ti, do in perfect harmony! (if i've had white castle however, it sound like i'm doing it under water)"
"a group of people who believe that they are not human, but are really elves, fairies, dragons, etc. some of them seem sincere enough, but others just seem like flakey people who need to believe their more special than most in order to deal with life."
knowing what to say and when to say it. it's all about timing.
"no matter what recipe you use, keep the heat down low. slow, gentle cooking is best for eggs. high heat will turn the egg to a nasty smelling rubber-like substance. enjoy!"
"scrambled eggs, bacon, hash browns, toast, biscut & gravy, pancakes, and coffee or juice. at least the diner down the road ha this listed a the hearty man's breakfast."
"yame is actually a legume that grows in the tropics. in the same family a potatoes, yams, yautia and malangas. the skin is kind of fuzzy and you must peeled before boiling."
"thank you for your cooperation in this matter. i look forward to your response, your name"
"because they feel like they owe you something and nobody like debt. also it take putting your pride aside to ask for help-they may just be disapointed in themselves for not being ""perfect"".."
"yes - hence the use of refrigerators. or ""ice houses"" before the advent of electricity.. . cool/cold temperature stop bacteria from breeding, or at least slow them down. since these are the culprit behind food spoilage, refriggeration prolongs the ""life-time"" of a food item, and related to that, it freshness."
"some do, but others still buy his bs. he is right up there with jerry fallwell and pat robertson with the most self-absorbed, corrupt, and insane televangelists. i guess christian might buy it because they see comfort in being on his team, where the rational person see him a a radical religious zealot."
"..because people are scared... if your religion is right ..that mean mine is wrong..... there's more i want to say but it late, let me just say this ... i'm gladd you used the word ""religion"" that make all the diffrence, because peopl of god, any god, dont argue, dont make wars, but respect others a brother and know there is only one ""way of god"" and that is love... religion on the other hand....not so much , ""religious"" people are not always so ...""religious""... take for instance george bush, self proclaimed christian... ha, lol, guess he didnt get to the back of the book... didnt comprehend much of the 1st few chapteres either!... igotta go to bed!.yeah,..what ""father martin"" said"
"you can look up the scripture on your own, but the 10k dollar is not all given to the synagogue. halachically only 2% went to the upkeep of the synagogue, the other 8% wa divided between the needy, and not collected by the synagogue and distributed by them, but rather given by the individual him/herself."
"physically, they are the same thing. generally, the only difference between the two is that espresso bean are a darker roast than a regular coffee bean. you could make regular coffee from espresso bean (although it would have a stronger flavor because of the darker roast) and you can make espresso from a regular (lighter roast) coffee, although it would not seem a strong."
"i hate to say this but go to your favorite pizza place and ask to have one of their menus. or you could just borrow it for a short time. but, do bring it back they cost money.."
"tbone, you need to join the fraternity. then you can go to a many a you want."
"there's a village called astley, near to where i live, it ha a castle named 'astley castle', i believe royalty used to stay there. there wa a terrible fire, which caused a lot of damage to it. sorry i don't actually know what astley means."
"the holocaust is the name applied to the systematic state-sponsored persecution and genocide of the jew of europe along with other group during world war ii by nazi germany and collaborators[1]. early element of the holocaust include the kristallnacht pogrom and the t-4 euthanasia program, progressing to the later use of killing squad and extermination camp in a massive and centrally organized effort to exterminate every possible member of the population targeted by the nazis.. . there's a lot of book written and load of information in the internet. it's one of the most famous genocide in the history of mankind.. genocide=the intent to destroy in whole or in part a racial, ethnic,religious or cultural group."
"it's german for ""love death"" a in dying from (the pain of) love, dying of a broken heart.. . that's my guess anyway."
"this is from pagan practice having to with the celebration of the spring equinox, and the locating of mushroom to get wasted.. . christian have borrowed from this and look to finding meaning in the egg. we now say that an egg is a living reminder of life from death, a an egg is from where living baby animal spring to life from a seeming death inside the egg."
the practioners were very methodical in their practice of the religion and were therefore called methodists. no kidding.
"""josephus daniel (18 may 1862-15 january 1948) wa appointed secretary of the navy by president woodrow wilson in 1913. among his reform of the navy were inaugurating the practice of making 100 sailor from the fleet eligible for entrance into the naval academy, the introduction of woman into the service, and the abolishment of the officers' wine mess. from that time on, the strongest drink aboard navy ship could only be coffee and over the years, a cup of coffee became known a 'a cup of joe'."""
"good question, not. it's like asking, why doesn't everyone speak english the same. everyone tell their own version of the same fairy tale."
"it wa bulldozed. . but there are other similar market near by, such a ""gold street""."
"you can blend ice, instant coffee, milk and caramel sauce in the blender and top with whipped cream and caramel. i would also drizzle caramel down the inside of the cup before you pour the frappacino in."
man always get his girl... happy ever afters. good beat evil. you read it in alot of older pre civil war books..
"you can find out the time in any location with yahoo! search. just do a search for ""location time"" (example: ""sydney time"") and the time in that location will show."
"i've heard that it take your stomach about 10 minute to report to your brain that it's full. if you go slowly, it's not that you get fuller - your just giving your stomach more time to report it status."
"colorado got it almost. actually ""ge"" and ""gi"" are pronounced with the same sound a the ""j"" in spanish, and ""ga"", ""go"", ""gu"" are pronounced with the ""hard"" sound. in addition, ""gue"" and ""gui"" are pronounced with the ""hard"" sound. it make more sense if you think of it this way: individual letter in spanish might have more than one possible sound, but the same syllable are always spelled the same way."
"we are alive because jesus wanted u to live. he created this world, and universe for u to dwell in on earth, and he hope that during out life we will make the right choice so after we die we will be able live with jesus in heaven for all eternity."
"because christianity adopted a lot of the belief and practice of the other popular religion at the time - including paganism, mithraism, and zoroastrianism. i'm sorry if this fact offends people, but there is no dispute that a lot of christianity wa inspired by the other religion in the mesopotamian/roman regions.. . mrgarlicsalt: may i ask how it wa that zoroastrianism stole some of the practice of christianity when it undoubtedly predated it and judaism? zoroastrianism is considered to be the first monotheism."
"i believe the latter one is a spirit which life go by day a a regular person, but at night, the head disconnect from the body (along with a fair amount of the innards) and fly messily out to find victim to feed on. your spelling is wrong, but i don't know the correct spelling by heart. good luck."
"fantasy are just that, fantasies. many people have them. it doe not mean that you are gay."
"don't laugh when chinese people say, ""today's steamed rice is tomorrow's fried rice."" the secret is in the rice..cook it the day before you want to make fried rice."
"what ""procedures"" are you referring to? common-law refers to couple (usually only male/female couples) who have lived a husband and wife for a particular period of time. the law pertaining to these relationship differ from state-to-state, and common-law relationship are not recognized in some states. your best bet would be to address this question to your local court of law, or possibly search the internet (although you should be wary of information found there)."
"(m). . in psychology, temperament is the general nature of an individual's personality, such a introversion or extraversion, it derives from the theory of the humours."
"be carfull , watch out the alligator doesn't butcher you. lol"
you are definately a deep thinking kind of guy. most people are clueless about this subject a i can see from the answer you've gotten so far. i think we both know the answer don't we ;)
"covet. . v : wish, long, or crave for (something, especially the property of another person); ""she covets her sister's house"""
eat a you normally do while reading the label on each food you eat if your not sure look it up on the internet and write down the amount of calorie on each thing on a piece of paper and add it up at the end of the day.. . after you know how many calorie you consume in a day add 500 more calorie to that and instead of eating 3 meal a day eat 5 or 6 meal a day eating about every 2 - 3 hours. if you stop gaining weight for longer then 2 week add 250 more calorie on to your daily calorie intake. and try not to weigh yourself every day a there are many thing that can make your weight go up and down.
"beauty is,. 1.which attaracts you. . 2.which you want to see again and again.. 3.which you love.. 4.which is pleasently different from others.. 5.which you do not want to loose."
"well, you have to apply for the country, not the city. they've got a citizenship test now. the test requires a basic command of speaking, writing, reading and understanding the dutch language."
"in the catholic church we are taught about the relevance of 'baptism and the cardinal sins.'. a for a social value to moral in my opinion are great buoyance for the development of any society.. in answer to the question, i believe that cardinal sin are in the realm of religion and spiritual beliefs, and moral are our acquired social trait by accepting and living by good social values. jose"
"very simple! shake it! if you can hear and or feel the seed move inside, it is ready to eat! bon appitite!"
"to keep in true tradition, you take any light colored beer, pour into a mug, and add one oz. of green coloring. not only will you enjoy it on st. patty's day, but you'll also enjoy it everytime you use the restroom the next day :d"
punishment if you don't drink water. your body doesn't like being dehydrated... and you quickly learn that you don't either.
you won't see businessmen or people in suit or dress in a dive bar. you'll see people with more tatooes than teeth.
"i reuse my frying oil several times. you can do this if you strain it, i use cheese cloth, and store it air tight. after it too old and discolored to use i put it an old milk jug, with a twist top, and put it in the the trash."
"by train, by bus, hire a taxi, by air or simply walk uptill u reach there. . . be more clear in you question ."
all you would have to do would be to call the church office building in salt lake city. they have everything there!!!! just talk to your bishop and they will have all the number you need. your stake clerk might know a well.
pack yourself in a box (cut some air holes) and send yourself federal express. don't forget your passport though.
"if you drink near a gallon of water in one fell swoop, you'll puke. the average stomach is the size of a fist and can only expand so far, so fast.. . that said, milk is also a suspension of certain mineral and amino acids; you need to have enough stomach acid to break that all down, or it's going to come back up, so if you drink too much too fast, out it goes."
"babka is from eastern europe. it is usually made and served around easter time- it i loaded with candied fruit, raisin and sometimes nuts. it is a rich bread dough and is the reward for giving up sweet during lent."
"take the bart. there will be the fast and easy way, even you can take from the san francisco airport to walnut creek now, and there will cost you about %7.00 one way.. be sure what it the bart station you need to get off"
"he wasnt strictly speaking, barbarian wa a term coined by the roman for the german tribe across the rhine. the roman called them barbarian or bahbahrians because they said the german language sounded like the bleating of sheep. khan wa asiatic a horseman from the step and so could not have been a barbarian."
"consciousness is a quality of the mind generally regarded to comprise such key feature a subjectivity, self-awareness, sentience, sapience, and the ability to perceive the relationship between oneself and one's environment. it is a subject of much research in philosophy, psychology, neurology, and cognitive science. consciousness differs itself from moral conscience, often designed by the expression of a ""voice of conscience"" telling the good from the evil."
that it is inhabited by people. which is why he created adam and eve on the earth.. . btw i'm looking forward to the time when i can live forever on the earth. no heaven for me.
"plaque begin building up on the inside of your vein at a young age - fatty food really cause stuff to stick to the inside of your veins. salt - sodium - doe permanent damage by making the veins/arteries hard or rigid. when this happens, if you have a sudden rise in blood pressure, your vein can rip or burst. the number 1 cause of death in woman is heart disease...and it begin in kindergarten."
there is no such thing a good or bad what i find bad sombody else might disagree and say it good e.g somking/stealing. it what ever you feel is good or bad and then yes there is a diference
nothing answer more appropriately your question than the theory of rational expectations. it got a mix of human psychology consistency and strong rationale. the idea of human perception effecting macro economic variable and there by making some of the intended policy measure ineffective is really beautiful........do read about it
on what? eferdent or a denture cleanser work on some thing
"religion is something human being have created to explain the unexplainable. it's a way to fulfill the need to have a purpose. so, naturally, if they believe in religion, they believe thier religion's story of how everything came to be. since a good portion of this planet is christian(my finger are burning from typing that word)then they think god(and that one too)created nature."
because we a human are fixated on keeping ourselves fed. also because we have emotional response to food that were implanted into u from past experiences. food = emotion.
martin luther started the reformation because he didn't agree with some of the thing the hierarchy of the catholic religion were doing. so he formed the lutheran with a new priority list of thing that are more important for salvation. one example is the catholic believe that mary wa created without original sin so she could be the vessel to carry our lord and the lutheran feel that the only person born w/out original sin wa christ himself.
"because we wrap ourselves up in blankets, getting ""in"". get on bed doesn't really work because of the kind of noun it is. you would have to specify which bed- 'get on the bed' or 'a bed'."
"the feast of all saint day (catholic) is on november 1. the night before wa thought to be a time of significant spiritual activity, one of the time that the living and the dead could talk to one another. it is a mixture of traditions: the wearing of mask is traditionally used to scare off evil spirit (costumes), and the leaving of food at the door wa to welcome good ones."
"it refers to work in general, and is contained in several southern songs. the ""bale"" in question wa a bale of cotton. in ""old man river"" robeson wa singing about the hard life of the working man in the old south."
"a fruit is actually the sweet, ripened ovary or ovary of a seed-bearing plant. a vegetable, in contrast, is an herbaceous plant cultivated for an edible part (seeds, roots, stems, leaves, bulbs, tubers, or nonsweet fruits). so, to be really nitpicky, a fruit could be a vegetable, but a vegetable could not be a fruit."
because they do not admit people of color.. rejecting people for anything based on skin color is racist.
"lisa simpson answered that one on 'the simpsons'. she clapped one hand, and it wa a light fleshy tom-tom sound."
"socialization and culture have a huge affect on human behavior. and actually, culture affect how we are socialized, which in turn, affect how we behave."
"stereo-typing ha nothing to do with low self esteem, because not all stereo-typing are negative.. . i think you guy are confusing or associating stereo-typing with racism.. . a stereotype is a ""fixed or conventional notion or conception"", this is according to webster's dictionary, not just my own opinion, before anyone start flaming me.. . stereo-typing a with racism is usually caused by ignorance and generalization made by society or certain group of people, either ethnic, social, political, religious or otherwise."
"i used to travel to nyc often on business and my favorite bar/lounge wa le bar bat. it wa on 56th or 57th near broadway. it had a very interesting decor; kind of mysterious and dark, not ""touristy"", and always a great crowd there. if you go, please let me know...would be great to know it's still a popular place to go."
"the same reason a ""tasbih"" is in a circle.. so you would go on and on reciting the prayer in a neverending loop."
"frightened animal at death carry with them toxic emotion such a anger, fear, hopelessness, etc.... you are what you eat. . (unless you can transmute these lower vibration into higher human consciousness...)"
"being openminded just mean being open to other people's idea and opinions. you don't have to agree with them, you are just willing to hear their side of thing and you agree there is a place in the world for their opinions."
"""rev trask"" is simply someone imitating a christian, trying to make christian look like mean, intolerant idiots. his avatar is photo of the rev. trask from an old tv program called dark shadows."
it a crispy chocolaty piece of heaven topped off with delicious cream. nothing can stop them from being so good.
"satisfaction is knowing that you are loved, not by others but by yourself. to become satisfied is to be happy with who you are, what you stand for, and what you do. one question that might help is to ask yourself "" what would i like to change about me?"" you can't chage others but you change yourself."
the transport info line is great. you can speak to an operator and they will tell you everything!. . phone - 131500
"jologs really meant to be a derogatory term originating from the words: ""dyaryo, yosi, itlog"" = dyologs. this is supposed to be what poor people/squatters (another derogatory term) had for breakfast."
who know but i always try and correct people when they use the term american. when i lived in mexico people there also considered themselves north americans. it one of my worst pet peeves.
i learn so much from answering these questions!!! here's an explanation. interesting.........
"we should drink several litre of water a dayto keep our body healthy...eg 3l. . there is such a thing a water intoxication where far too much water is taken on board, and this cause an inbalence in our electrolytes, and cause serious systemic problems, such a disrupting the amount of potassium we need to function normally."
"you are over cooking them. put your egg in cool water, bring to a boil & immediately cover pot and remove from heat. let egg set in hot water about 20 minutes, run cool water over them until cool enough to handle. your yolk will be fine."
"the english say a middle name is the name in the middle i.e. john peter smith, the middle name is peter. the second name is smith (which is the surname). i don't know about what american say."
"eh, i am taking a stab in the dark at this one... but it sound a little like something that biyalstock and bloom might say (plus the movie/play thing). my guess is the producers."
"we are created by god to worship him and seek him in a personal relationship with christ. in living in accordance with the examplw that christ gave u (outlined in the bible) we can ""have life and have it to the full"" john 10:10"
"try a brush conditioner likemaster's brush cleaner and preserver. you can wash the brush, rinse it, then put in a *little* conditioner, mold it to the correct shape and let it dry. when you go to use it again, just swish it in some water first toe get out the conditioner."
"well i thought y! answer would cure my boredom, but i wa wrong."
more then likely your heating element is burnt out and need replacing. call a appliance part center in your area with your make and model number of your oven to get replacement part.
"homescience are a beautiful and well-kept secret. from the cute lollop. of 'small music' and the lazy handclap of 'september', through to the flaming"
"by letting go of your ego;your desires,need to feel important,need to be right,need to standout etc.. . your inner self ha no need to be better than others.your inner self just is.when you let go of your ego,you will be in touch with your inner spirit.the best way to do so is to meditate or live in the present moment without judging everything you see and not being controled by thought of the past or possible future.your inner self doesn't judge,make others wrong,and compare itself to others.when you let go of your ego,you are getting in touch with your inner self."
"science ha prooved the if you yawn it mean you're empathetic and that you can relate to people.. but laughter is a response to a stimulus (the sound of a f**t!)...well it usually make 6 year old laugh any way...but by the time we reach adulthood, they don't make u laugh...so people are stimulated by different things."
did he get aid from that guy last night????
"that is when the thing, from the fantastic four, converted to neo-paganism. he would always say ""its druiding time"" before going to the sacred grove."
"the plot: hamlet, the prince of denmark revenge the death of his father. for more detail see the relevant episode of the simpsons, mel gibson's movie, or go to the source below."
"being human mean you have a heart and a soul(you can cry, love,and be compassionate)-you can make mistake (and learn from them). you can make choices(to be good or evil). by being human, you are not an object, and you are not replaceable. being human also mean we are blessed with all kind of emotion and feelings.. this is how i define humanity."
"look at the big dipper ""ursa major"" the last 2 star in it point a line to the north star. the first one in the little dipper. point your finger at that star and walk that way."
"british lawyer are called ""barristers"". the wig are traditional. here it is."
"i learned this trick from my grandma, take a strand of spaghetti from the pot you are cooking and throw it on a vertical wall. if it stick on the wall then it is ready, if it fall let it boil for a few more minute and repeat."
"i'm gonna guess she said she wa a wiccan. if that's the case i attached the link for the wikipedia entry on wicca ...""traditions of wicca each have specific beliefs, rituals, and practices. most tradition of wicca remain secretive and require member to be initiated. however, there is a growing movement of eclectic or solitary wiccan who adhere to the religion but do not believe a traditional initiation is necessary."""
1.) (of a debt) able to be substituted for something of equal value . 2.) interchangeable
"no, i think that lack of a good education and poverty among many jamaican ha led to crime a well a stifled economic development. not being prejudiced, simply stating an opinion."
"fruit are the reproductive body of a seed plant the seed containing part vegetable are the edible seed or root or stem or leaf or bulb or tuber or nonsweet fruit fruit are born above ground on plant including tree and bushes. vegetable are not seed containing and below ground edibles. though some fruit botanicaly are called and consumed a vegetable squash, tomatoes, green bean for example"
watch alot of english speaking tv program (good one though!) that's how i improve my afrikaans.
"go to the counter, ask to speak to the manager, and ask him for an application. fill it out. hand it back to him. follow any additional instruction he give you."
"am i to understand that this is not a homosexual relationship? then what is to stop you from hanging out with them, watching tv and playing computer game with them?"
"wile e coyote. he basically destroys himself to attain his goal. he's determined and steadfast even though he know he will fail. all my life i have lived by that principle, that despite the odds, you have to take chances."
"interesting.. . when i eat something green, my poop turn purple."
"the maya civilization is a historical mesoamerican civilization, which extended throughout the northern central american region which includes the present-day nation of guatemala, belize, western honduras and el salvador, a well a the southern mexican state of chiapas, tabasco, and the yucatán peninsula state of quintana roo, campeche and yucatán.. . . check out link."
"when achilles wa born, according to the most common version of the myth, thetis tried to make him immortal by dipping him in the river styx. but she forgot to wet the heel she held him by, leaving him vulnerable at that spot."
getting their vocal cord taken away by a vet. or killing him. no other way.
"my answer is not from a web page but i feel it is in the eye of the beholder. it is how the beauty is seen from within from someone who is connected mentally and physically with whatever or whomever they are with.whether it is a human , animal or the earth."
"you are entirely correct! the power of the mind is limitless. the reason we human have such low expectation is because we are weak at mind and conscious. we constantly underestimate ourselves, we human are by far the most intelligent thing to have ever existed on earth, we simply lack the drive and fear too many things."
"she wa born elizabeth (""betsy"") griscom in philadelphia, pennsylvania and wa the eighth-born out of the seventeen child of samuel and rebecca griscom who were both member of the religious society of friend (quakers) (her father wa a master builder). betsy attended friend school where she learned reading, writing and a trade (probably sewing). this would have helped her in an apprenticeship a an upholsterer, although she would have performed many type of jobs, not just finishing furniture."
"your brain consumes carbohydrate to function - lot of em! carbs are the body's main energy source , like gas is to an automobile.. . this is why over exertion or starvation cause you to faint. when you are running low on carbs, your brain shuts down the rest of your body, so that it can hog all of your remaining energy in order for it (and you) to survive."
i don't have anything planned for spring break. i will be going to disney after spring break and i am going on freedom of the sea after spring break a well.
"ilha grande is a lovely island off the coast. you get a boat there from angra do reis, and there's lot of lodgings. you need a few day to make the most of it, including the best part of a day there and back from sao paulo including bus and boat - well worth it though"
"bison, beefalo, and cattleo are very similar to beef even in disease that are attributed from cooking (or undercooking a the case maybe) and improper handling. you can get e-coli from buffalo just like you would beef. i recomend cooking all red meat to at least 180 degree to prevent illness."
emotional intelligence is a measure of our ability to perceive others emotion and manage our own. it is opposed to normal intelligence a measured by iq tests.
have you checked the local community college yet? they almost always have an art class or you can try the local art league.
whit a mold i know this because my grandma used to make piñatas if u don't wanna used a balloon all u need is a mold then u just stick all the paper let it dry but to do it this way u need to make only the half of it then u make the other half and let it dry again and then you just sew it . and at the end u just decorate it whit whatever u like . u can even paint it and make dora the explorer face .
"i agree with stressfree: if he really doe speak english, it's an easy way to get rid of a salesman. i believe that many native english speaker have used the ""me no speak english"" routine to get rid of salesperson a well."
honestly i dont think u completely understand irony there is a lot of form of irony and i agree that some of alanis morisettes lyric are wrong but some of completely right and she is canadian how are u going to write americans???instead of canadian we a american understand irony very well!
"you are so right. james1:19 wherefore, my beloved brethren, let every man be swift to hear, slow to speak, slow to wrath:"
"the short answer is national prestige. germany wa newly created and wanted to show itself to be a great a the other great power like britain, france, spain, portugal, the netherlands etc. also, for economic reasons, the exploitation of new resource to fuel it industry. hope that help or at least give you something to begin to research futher!"
"""ubuntu"" is an ancient african word, meaning ""humanity to others"". ubuntu also mean ""i am what i am because of who we all are"". the ubuntu linux distribution brings the spirit of ubuntu to the software world."
"the fuss is coming from the catholic church because for some reason, people are believe the stuff in the fictional story. it is a great story and people of faith (such a myself) are not going to have it shaken by this kind of story. but it is exciting and a great read. can't wait for the movie!"
"the slang term pwn (past tense pwned, pwnd or pwnt) a used by the internet gaming culture, mean to dominate an opponent. in this context, to be pwned can be defined a “to be defeated,” with the strong connotation of also having been “made a fool of.” it is generally used for “friendly taunting” of a player’s in-game enemies, and gently “rubbing in” any victories, no matter how fleeting. while the term probably originated a a typographical error of the word own [1], it is now used intentionally by many member of the culture. the term ha become so ubiquitous in internet circle that it is often used outside of gaming contexts."
he's not he's called the bard of avon. . avon is where he wa born and a bard is an old fashioned name for a poet or writer
"the advantage are that it's a pretty good guide for general health. the disadvantage are that it's not so useful if you have specific health needs, such a diabetes. if you do not have any specific dietary restrictions, the food pyramid is a helpful guide."
"when i have the money to travel, then i will get a passport. a for the world superpower thing, i think that is a size issue. we spend so much on our military."
"some are born gay, some straight, some bi. your sexual orientation is quite often not black and white but shade of gray. try not to pigeonhole people in one role. children, teenager and adult are what they are, take it or leave it."
"philosophy study what there is, part of what there is, is matter. chemistry study the interaction of matter with matter. philosophy might be thought of a the daddy of inquiry abut a knowledge develops specialised form of study develop to examine particular area of knowledge"
"van gogh cut off his ear after a fight with paul gaugin, and took the ear to a brothel in arles. (it wa his ear lobe). . here's a link to a letter written to van gogh brother theo."
it depends on where you live.... . i know in wisconsin you can go to . wcca.wicourts.gov/index.xsl
"some of the pastry company only make thing for certain regions. go and check their web site and see if they list they still make it.. i know that i can't get hostess powdered raspberry filled donut where i live, but the plant in the west make them for everything west of colorado."
"in the realm of christianity it is called freewill. all people must be given the freewill to either walk the path that is easy or to walk the path that is hard. he gave u freewill so that we could come to him on our own, otherwise we all would be puppet on string and this defeat the purpose, a it requires no faith no individuality to be a puppet. the world is the way it is because of sin, not god."
"if u have been called to preach; then u need to pray and ask the lord to lead u in the right direction. he will put the path in front of u, and it's up to u whether u follow it or not.....all path don't led to god; so make u sure u go down the right one.....""i come in the volume of the book"". read your bible, and u will find all ur answers..........bless u"
"i often have trouble sleeping and i have found that the only thing that help for me is taking a few shot of liquor before bed. i know it sound bad but if you really need to fall asleep it works. i usually grab for the whiskey or vodka, but i'm sure it all works."
"molasses come from the refining of sugar. brown sugar still ha some molasses in it. when it is all gone, you have white sugar."
"distilled water ha been boiled, filterd and basically purified so it's pure water.. . spring water ha mineral in it, like calcium sodium and phosphates."
"it sound like you already know the answer if you have to ask the question. the flavor of life in all of it intristies is what round out our lives, otherwise why be born if you dont share yourself with others. out of 50 billion sperm you were the first one to win the most important race you will ever be in. you want to live and experience life so just do it>"
"a jihad is a holy war, whereas the crusade were the senseless slaughter of innocent people based solely upon their beliefs. primarily due to the fact that they refused to believe a the catholic crusader believed, which meant the act wa one of violence and hatred and not one of faith."
"best way is to ask your parents, grandparent and other living relatives. if you want to do it the hard way, try hiring an investigator or people who find out stuff like those, or search through the internet... =d"
"a ""highball"" wa an early mixed drink featuring rye and ginger ale over ice. this is the original recipe for a highball which then became the generic name for mixed drink year ago. having cocktail took over a the catch all phrase later, however a true cocktail is two or more liquor with no mixer or ice."
"suppress the burp so that it doesn't make a sound, then let the air out of your mouth unnoticeable. if you do make a noise, say ""excuse me"" of course!"
relief should be provided with an intention of pleasing god. god himself will reimburse with lot of good thing which cannot be imagined.
"what do you mean?? rome is easily accessible to lot of people. and once there, it easy to get around to the sights, by bus/train/foot."
ask them why they all look like nazis. then spray them with a hose.
"yes, all that stuff sells. i don't know too many people lining up to see g rated movies."
"when used in this sense ""punta"" (feminine) mean the tip or tip-end of something, e.g., the end of an archipelego or strip of land, or for example, like in english, the ""point"" of a pencil. when the word is ""punto,"" (masc), it's used to mean ""point"" a in geometry, or the period at the end of a sentence, or an issue under discussion. punto is also commonly used to mean a sewing or surgical stitch."
a time go on. a time went on. later on. eventually
"try to strike up conversation at work with people, even if you don't think you have anything in common with them. you never know what anyone is really like, and people who don't know you will take shyness a being aloof. be sure to make plenty of phone call and write letter to those who you do know, no matter how far. explore and enjoy your new surroundings, and sooner than you think, they won't be so foreign and looming."
god wa never created. he ha always been in existance and always will be.
"driving behind someone (trapped, really) who, when the light turn green - pause about two beat longer than the average person - then goes. kinda like they fell asleep and awoke - surprised to see the light green. after about four light in a row behind someone like this, i really would rather just pull over and park."
"they all do the same job, just at different speed and under different conditions. i use quick-rise for everything i make, but use machine yeast if you are using a bread machine specifically."
it took god six day to create earth. sunday wa for him to rest after all the hard work.
you mean what it mean in persian.. dahan = mouth. -et = your (suffix). dahan-et = your mouth
1. perception: sensory processing of information. . 2. cognition: intelligent processing of information
"attitude - to handle with customer you should have a nice attitude towars people like being sociable. . skill - to have a job well done, you should have certain skill that will help in the faster development of your role.. . knowledge - in case of energencies, knowledge is important to know what to do and don't do in that situation."
"throw yourself into something that force you to be outgoing or to speak in public. it doesn't sound fun, but you'll be surprised at how little you have to worry about and you'll be glad you did it in the end.. . i used to be pretty shy until i decided to work for the news business, which ha really helped me."
take i-57 south to i-24. take i-24 east through kentucky and into tennessee. i-24 go through nashville.
"not all christian discredit high magic aka mysticism. the medieval period is full of christian mystic - just take a look at the life of saints, most of whom were having vision a often a they sneezed. gnostic and other early christians, for instance, approached christianity in a manner similar to that of mediterranean mystery cults; catholicism retains many of these mystery cult features."
not a proportional reduction. you will need to crop or have a border unless you distort the image slightly.
"for those of u who think in pictures, the story creates some amazing image in the mind. it is easy to expand the idea into a grand display.. and michaelangelo's david ha inspired a lot of art because it is so beautiful. it ha become the image that many - or most of u see in our mind when the story of david is mentioned."
"catholic baptize babies. christening is a ceremony used in some other faith to recognize the parents' committment to raising the child in faith. preparation for catholic baptism includes a course at the local parish. during the course, they will outline all of the procedures."
"who we are determines upon our genetics and dna make up. that is the physical part. the rest of how we think and behave is a mystery. the brain, however, is a fascinating organ and little is known of it's complete function a far a thought goes."
"heat a sauce pan over med-high heat, add a pat of butter. then........post your question in the right category."
"i have been methodist for almost 10 years, and i have never once sworn loyalty to the catholic church or to the pope. in fact, all i have ever done is agree to uphold my local church with my prayers, my presence, and my gifts.. . a said many, many time already... if you are referring to the apostle creed, the ""catholic"" church in that referrs to the universal body of believer everywhere, not the catholic church itself."
1 shot sake rice wine. 1 glass beer. it's real easy. drop the shot of sake into a glass of beer and just slam it
"for those of u who believe. easter is when we take the time to remember/reflect the time when our savior jesus christ wa sacrificed on the cross in order to save our souls, so that we may be forgiven our sin and allowed to enter the kingdom of heaven."
their relegious belief keep them from using these items. not their financial situation. many amish are well to do financially.
people in the past viewed insomnia very similarly to the way people in the present view insomnia -. . all night long.
"with family you have to set really firm ground rules. be clear and non-confrontational. if living there is going to hurt your relationship, you should consider getting an apartment."
chemical in food coloring can adjust flavor. the main ingredient in most food coloring is water and we all know that water change a food flavor and texture
"i haven't found any reference to serpent bread. however, one legend of st. patrick is that he drove all the serpent out of ireland."
"by going to east richmond, to the richmond international airport and taking a flight out of there.. . wouldn't recommend it for that short of distance.. the cost and time wouldn't be worth it,. and there is no direct flights.. best way is to travel by car, it only about 1 hour drive"
design t-shirt slogan with foreign language and design from the countries. they are easy to make and yield good profits.
"according to the definition in my dictionary, it says: 1) a canal in a female mammal that lead from the uterus to the external orifice of the genital canal. 2) a canal that is similar in function or location to the vagina and occurs in various animal other than mammals.. uterus - an organ of the female mammal for containing and usually for nourishing the young during development previous to birth; also called the womb. also, a structure in some lower animal analogous to the uterus in which egg or young develop.. orifice - an opening through which something may pass."
by enjoying the lack of evil around me. he's always present
"i think the most common tenant of modern religions, (not always observed by their disciples) is the golden rule... ""treat others a you would like to be treated."". . it usually work for me."
"the context would definitely help...however, wot is an archaic term for ""to understand"" or ""to know."" so depending on the context, wot'st might mean ""knowest"" or ""know."""
:}. jabulon is a deity worshiped by freemason and the knight templar . they claim it to be another secret un revealed name for the true god but not more the god of the bible or the koran but the real god.
"generally on a low heat in the oven. the heat will keep it dry and crispy. but just like all things, if it stay in there too long it will dry out."
"year ago lot of state had 18 19 and 20 but for some reason a a result of a study, the federal govenment threatened to withhold federal highway fund of state that did not raise their drinking age .. . in the eighty i think. . money talk"
there is a big difference between like and respect. the reason people don't know that is because they're not smart. you can respect someone and not like them. you can also like someone and have no respect for them.
"gutlevel or gut-level mean at the deepest level. usually expressed in the phrase ""gut-level feelings.” it seems to be more instinctive than pre-conscious intuition.. gut-level is visceral. indeed, the word “gut” come from the middle english “guttes,” from old english “guttas” meaning “entrails.”. instinct include powerful motivation or impulse and talent or aptitude that are unlearned ability a well.. you are closest to your true self at your gut-level."
it is importantwhat we take. because if we take we should guve it back to it owner. lol!
"jealousy ha always been widespread - just look at classic literature: the odyssey, crime and punishment, etc. even the bible ha tale of jealousy."
"i'm sorry for your loss. yet also glad. that you miss him so much mean that you had good time with him, making his life worth living. plenty of people die sad and lonely, and you did your part to keep that from happening to him."
"1.618 is the ""golden ratio."" do a search on it and you'll find lot of information."
because we have ignorance and intolerance and a long a we have those we will continue to have racism. =-(
"just soap and water, use a soft dishcloth. don't use any type of scrubbers."
"called freedom of speech, we are allowed to. to some of u those word mean nothing religious."
"in puerto rico, wepa mean ""woohoo!"".. like an expresion of excitement, joy or pleasure.... depends of the meaning of what you want to say.... also outside of puerto rico we use wepa when we saw another puerto rican..."
"a large ferry named ""the queen of the north"" sank off the coast of northern british columbia, canada, on march 24, just south of prince rupert. it wa capable of holding 700 passenger and 115 cars. 100 passenger and 46 crew member were rescued. 2 passenger are still missing."
"anything written and recorded, either audio or visual, about any event is history.. ***. that silly question you wrote?. though very insignificant; it just became a factor in history."
"like a hobbit, however, they were green clothes and have a strong irish accent...oh! they smell like guinness"
"stench in environment: use scented candles, incense, air freshener, etc.. . stench in mouth: brush, floss, swish, gum, mints, etc."
"many photographer print their image with a white border, and sign the lower right hand area of the border. this way, the person who bought the print can place a matt over the print and display the image sans signature, or they can display it without matting, or lift the matte whenever they have to show it authenticity.. . some people don't like buying photograph which have signature over the image itself, so i feel this is a good compromise."
"baijing: 白金？ (baijin?). if it's that what you asked, it means: the money you offer to the deceased's immediate family during the wake. a chinese funeral custom."
"respect is a two way street, it must be given if it is to be received. try treating other people (especially older people) with respect and see how they treat you."
"kinesthetic refers to the ability of the body’s sensory organ in the muscles, tendons, and joint to respond to stimulus while dancing or viewing a dance.. . . kinesthesia is a key component in muscle memory and hand-eye coordination, and training can improve this sense. the ability to effortlessly swing a golf club, or catch a baseball requires a finely tuned sense of the position of the joints, so that the eye can concentrate on the ball and let the kinesthetic sense handle moving the body a needed to meet the ball."
take a bus. it's only 120 baht or so.
"thailand is actually somewhat close to india. a you go towards burma (myanmar) and then to thailand, they have more of an asian or islander look to them, but still look more indian than, say, the vietnamese who are further east. there is also a history of chinese immigration and many nomadic people in the northern country, so depending on where you go in thailand you get a pretty big mix. the only people that i met that looked close to 100% indian were the guy selling suits, and they usually were immigrant from india or bangladesh (btwn india and burma)."
"louis pasteur ha discovered the method to kill bacteria by boiling the milk first before drinking.. . lot of bacteria flow thru the milk which is not properly boiled. if u think more about nutrients, i would like to remind u that life and health take first preference.. . louis pasteur name got into this process a pasteurization."
this is the day we celebrate jesus' birthday. the man that gave his life for u to be able to have a new when we finally realize we can't do anything without god!!!!!
a cambre is a back port de bra. your foot can be in any of the 5 position and your arm are in 5th position (above your head). bend back starting from your chest and make sure your hip are still above your legs. dancer often stick their stomach out to go lower but that break your line.
"i cant speak for the rest of the world, and i cant be their defense, but i can prommise you that i will never shun you for being a buddhist. if i ever have children, i will teach them never to treat someone poorly just because of their religion - maybe over time the world will gradually become an easier place to live, if everyone teach their child to behave the right way."
zhon paul sar-trugh. . break a leg (that mean good luck).
you will have exactly 11 hour and 50 minute to enjoy the sun in finland today (16 march).. . the sun will rise in finland at 6:35 am and set at 6:25 pm
just do it. act now a thought there is no tomorrow
"until the roman period, egyptian were eurasian / north african (dna is without sub-saharan markers). modern egyptian are more mixed: arab and african blood line have been added since antiquity."
"hmm, well it definitely appeared long before aj's belly. the inscription quod me nutrit me destruit also appears on a portrait of christopher marlowe."
"roundtrip ticket give the airline more money, so they want to attract people so cheaper. guarenteed seat mean you are guaranteed a seat on the flight and not lose the seat unless you were really late checking in"
you just slice it and eat it. some will sprinkle sugar and lemon on it to give it a bit of a kick.. . unripe papaya is also used a a vegetable in a stew or broth.
"tamerlane wa the most influential central asian military leader of the middle ages. he figured in play in shakespeare's day ( though not in s's) and wa played in a loud, bombastic voice. so, a tamerlane is someone who is bombastic."
"when u get along, when the brain wave work together,lol. it quite strange actually, people get along, thought match, think alike or jus like the other person and end up becoming frnds. even when u help someone in anyway, they thank u and u mite end up becoming frndz. i have gud frndz, we became frndz coz they helped me settle in when i joined the skool.so i guess it jus the scenario that decides."
"you can have me a a genuine christian born again penfriend. what do you think? give me the 10 point and then i will give you my msn messenger, i dont use yahoo msngr...good luck and trust god"
"himmler, chicken farmer. goering: airline pilot, ww i ace. speer: archetect. ribbentrop: railroad clerk, journalist, salesman.. goebbels: academican, literature and history."
"root beer is a fermented beverage made from a combination of vanilla, cherry tree bark, licorice root, sarsaparilla root, sassafras root bark, nutmeg, anise, and molasses among other ingredients. each root beer ha a unique recipe. many local brand of root beer exist, and homemade root beer is made from concentrate or (rarely) from actual roots."
kid won't scream buy me this! in the meat section
"i usually give long answer but this time i will just answer the question. relative knowledge is ""what we think"" and absolute knowledge is ""what we know."""
"the priesthood never wa nullified, only their temple duties. they still lead the people of israel. know anyone named levi (or it derivatives) or cohen (or it derivatives), who attends synagogue? they are direct decendants of the temple priesthood, and continue to be charged by the commandment of the torah a a family of spiritual leader for the jewish people (see leviticus)."
"pink lemonade get it color, and therefore it name, from the addition of another juice into the mix. usually strawberry, cherry, or cranberry."
"easy recipe ! jiffy corn bread mix ( follow direction on the box ) add a can of corn, deep fry ! good stuff."
"it introduced the united state to the frustrating and thankless job of leading collective security through the tactic of war without victors. the order of the un wa to protect and re-establish the sovereignty of the south korean regime, not to conquer north korea or china. it also taught the united state a lesson we seem to never really have learned: there are very few country we can actually trust when the going get rough. for this reason, the usa wa not willing to use the office of the un either in vietnam or in the war in iraq."
"wouldn't that be ah.... rice?. . there are many variety of rice, so this is probably a mixture."
whiskey is basically distilled beer. it is made from grain or malt and water and yeast
you speak to someone. you talk with someone. you say a sentence. you tell a tale
"in the 1950's marilyn monroe, a very smart blond, would act in movie like she wa a dumb sex-pot. it wa a very popular image so she kept it a part of her public persona.. this is where the phrase started--with a stereotype started by marilyn monroe, who did it for her career."
well it could be for any number of reasons. one is that they themselves could be suffering and they don't want others to suffer. another is that they could be in need for the money involved here.
"i think you mean ""opus dei"". it is a conservative catholic sect, that try to maintain old dogmas, and protect the catholic religion. if you can't seem to understand the principle and practice behind it, think of a strict, conservative catholic grandmother that force you to recite the rosary 24 hour a day. go through dan brown's book, the da vinci code - it ha much to say about the opus dei."
he is the gayst man i have ever know in my life. (besides me)
sunshine-warm weather like spring with the flower blooming. i love balmy evenings--such a soothing feeling.
"because they're theoretically made from tortillas, which are round. so you cut them like you'd cut a pie or a pizza - in triangular slices."
"okay i will. canada eh... sound nice. good gov't, nice people, beautiful country, not america. ha."
"have you ever tried to slice an english muffin? not an easy task. with all the little air pocket inside, the english muffin just kind of rip apart, usually at the most awkward angle, making the subsequent application of any kind of spread next to impossible. that's why people just split them, instead; it's much easier."
"it wa what the slave owner did, they raped black woman to produce more slave so they call them black that way they can make more money. they also did it because they didn't want white people to have any black blood. last and lest wa to make the slave light skin so that the light skin slave can oppress the dark one and so on.. . mixed people should take on the nationality of the father and being black is not a nationality or being african."
"some book have the no. of copy and the year of print written on the second or third page(or somewhere in the book), check it out."
"because your government deems it an extreme security risk. plus, if you can fly, it is more difficult to control your action than, let's say, driving a car."
"where are you from? if you're from canada, lot of europe, japan, korea, or a few otheres, you can get a one year work visa simply by applying a paying a small ($140 or so) fee. if you're from the states, then a business visa is really your only option, unless you get the skill to move there."
"the term ""black irish"" is sometimes used in the united state to refer to irish people possessing dark skin and hair, purportedly due to iberian ancestry. numerous popular theory have been devised to explain the provenance and historical background of the ""black irish."". . the term is used differently in different places."
to bring the state closer together. the article of confederation basically allowed the state to act a independent nation
the greatest mystery known to man. .... . spam
"metaphysics is the branch of philosophy which deal with the ultimate nature of reality. oh baby, gave some good example of what it studies. it go ""beyond physics"" to examine the basis of physics. similarly, meta-ethics go ""beyond ethics"" to examine the ultimate basis for ethical thought."
"after being captured by the police, fagin wa tried for his crime and sentenced to death by hanging. the sentence wa carried out in public."
"it generally not a commonly drunk beverage, however i have found it in some asda and sainsburys shops. i am the only person i know in the uk that actually like the taste so that could be why"
:}. i don't think the lds do any more but it wa that way because a male founded the faith and wanted multiple wives. other sect of mormonism still honor pologamy
"originally, juice had actual juice in them, and drink were just flavored. anymore that line is probably pretty blurred."
"for a party, it mean using the best decoration you can buy.. . for a car, having all the available feature on that particular car.. . if you're celebrating, getting the best food, decorations, whatever."
"is it the upc (universal product code)? that barcode contains all sort of inforamtion about the product. it help the store keep inventory, it tell the store's inventroy system everytime someone buy the product."
"if you mean 'emma' by jane austen, here's a link to further information on this novel.. . hope this helps.. . by the way, i've also included a link to an online text of 'emma' in case you're interested in reading the book."
"orange are very good for you. they contain a whole day supply of vitamin c. they are also a good sourse of fiber and folate. plus, they contain antioxidant to help protect your health!"
"there are not very many, but i do know 2 personally. they have explained it to me, but it still seems conflicting to me."
"""how do you say?"" literally translated into french would be ""comment dites-vous ?"". . but in french, we prefer using ""comment dit-on ?"""
"this is a cornish pastry turnover that is filled with raw meat, usually beef and onion and potato and then baked somewhat slowly. they were the perfect lunch year ago for miner and worker because they are really good cold too. some people put gravy on them also."
they are not used to telling the truth. telling the truth and lying can be used to defend oneself when confronted. people will usually use whichever method achieves their goal while providing the most internal comfort during the confrontation.
"it is not an actual matter of being forced. in some cultures, any exposed skin or clothing that would show the shape of the body is considered the same a running around in your bra and panty in the states. in case you didn't know, in most of those cultures, the men wear very similar clothing, almost like an ankle length night shirt. for the most part, it isn't a sexual descrimination thing."
many westerner opose that too. . btw your e.g. is not a good one
nope! that went out the window a long time ago unfortunately.
the pacific northwest is wet and chilly. it's also a bit breezy.
is there a purpose and a reason for this question? do you have a point that you are making? maybe that the word represents jesus christ and the cover of the bible being black represents the black sin of the world that jesus christ bore on calvary?
"manga hon , japanese comic book.. comic book are very big in japan."
"you better visit teh website the other answerer posted, but only to get info and a phone number. it'll be best to contact them by phone. i have never had luck getting a response to anyone in the philippine via email."
you should wake up and thank god that you are able to wake up. little thing like that would change you attitude about your problems. (if you believe in god). everyone ha their problem but start off the day with saying something like that....you'll deal with your problem whenever you can.
not taking advantage of all the thing you can learn and do. instead just wasting time and getting into trouble.
"long string of protein start out parallel to each other, but heat make them contract, curl up, and tangle with each other, a someone else ha said.. . what this look like with the naked eye is something curdling or separating into solid and liquid, like when a sauce ""breaks."" it's because your heat is too high."
"gay refers to men that love and are attracted to other men, while lesbian refers to woman and love and are attracted to other women. contrary to popular belief, most gay and lesbian do not wish they were the opposite sex or go out of their way to act like the opposite sex, but are quite happy a they are."
"actually what ""they"" say is not to keep egg in the door of the fridge. the reasoning behind this is that the door is actually the warmest part of the fridge since it the farthest from the cooling mechanism and also, every time the door open the temperature fluctuates even further, so you cannot be assured that the egg are being kept at a constant temperature to prevent salmonella or something. a far a why there are egg compartment in the doors, that's just something that fridge maufacturers added for convenience to sell more fridges, personally i keep my egg in the bottom of the fridge in their original packaging."
it's a fashion thing. you like how they look.
boone farm drunk through a funnel.. . can anyone beat $2 for a drunk?
"42 (the question being ""what do you get when you multiply six by nine?""). therefore the universe is fundamentally wrong."
"independence day is the day we celebrate usa's self-government.. . ""on july 4, 1776, the second continental congress unanimously adopted the declaration of independence. the constitution provides the legal and governmental framework for the united states..."""
"kabbalah is a body of mystical teaching of rabbinical origin, often based on an esoteric interpretation of the hebrew scriptures.. kabbalah is an aspect of jewish mysticism. it consists of a large body of speculation on the nature of divinity, the creation, the origin and fate of the soul, and the role of human beings. it consists also of meditative, devotional, mystical and magical practice which were taught only to a select few and for this reason kabbalah is regarded a an esoteric offshoot of judaism. some aspect of kabbalah have been studied and used by non-jew for several hundred years."
mother in law lost her so to the wife (daughter in law) and she is jealous coz son is spending more time with wife.. wife is suspicious of husband because he still feel a lot of compassion for his mother.. story a old a adam!
"my guess is that manufacturing a round(ish) box would be more expensive than a square box, which is essentially a flat rectangle with cut-out edge you can fold together. a round box take more effort to make out of cardboard, and it would be more of an octagon or something rather than a true circle, and way too hard to fold quickly. they should just make square pizza instead."
by how far you are now away from the centre where the money is kept!!
"why don't you make friend around you ?. real people are better and have complete identity, are you shy in human contact ?. please don't be, all human need and want relationships."
"they help to develop the whole person. they build confidence, communication skills, organization and leadership. and that's just the tip of the ice berg."
"a man is defined by his strength, compassion, wisdom, patience, and ability to love.. . in a word...bradley."
"your question is flawed. you are assuming that catholic sect of christianity is flawed, which is not correct. i am not a catholic, but i think you and i are not the one to decide which religion is correct and which isn't."
"way way back when ....the custom to not eat meat on friday wa not made by the church but by the state,because of high meat taxes.somehow it ended up a catholic custom.. i say , let eat meat whenever we want to. the catholic church don't really live what they preach anyway if you know what i mean."
your child is your life. what they become is your responsibility of parents.
"attachment theory is important because they form their trust based on that way. if they are convinced that their caretaker are able to take care of them, they'll put trust and somehow will become more attached to the caretaker."
"a a young soldier in viet nam i had occasion to visit the humble home of many vietnamese. i'd listen to them speak this strange language .and a candel light flickered shadow on there strange faces, i wondered what strange mystical thing they were talking about. now iam fortunate to have returned to viet nam and again visit the home of many people... but now i speak the language and their ""strange, mystical conversation go something like this , "" where have you been all day, you knew we were having guests, i could have used some help prepairing... did you bring home the beer...?""...... id say not understanding language can frame the perception of he world , yes....."
"my system is a combination of both. my belief are rooted in the bible alone, and i believe everything in it to be absolutely true.. . what changes, however, are my attitudes, belief and action a i grow in knowledge and understanding of god's word."
"using gas stove, woods, coals, and maybe brick oven.. . they still use brick oven in certain countries, such a italy, because they wan to make them ""old fashion"", usually they use it to make pizza...mmm...getting hungry! lol"
"it started in the middle ages, the english were fighting someone (i can't remember) and when they would capture their archer they would cut off their middle finger so they couldn't pull a bow anymore. well, the english lost that particular war and when they surrendered all the archer threw up their middle finger in a haha f-off we still have our middle finger and we won."
"a trial is a time of testing when we go through hardship or distress. a temptation is being offered an opportunity to fulfill the flesh.. . a trial build strength in your spirit through the excercise of faith, and strength to your flesh if you doubt. temptation brings strength to your flesh if you give in to it, or strength to your faith, if by his word you resist and flee from it."
"maybe because it is a faster, more intense high (not that i know from experience) but having talked to someone who wa a former iv drug user, he said that other route (smoking, snorting) take longer to get high and the high is not a good. having said that, to anyone who think that ""hey, cool, she just gave me a great idea"", my friend is also living with hiv (contracted through iv drug use) and had to have a line sewn into a vein going into his heart to deliver med since his vein in his arms, leg etc are too scarred to use. seems like one hell of a price to pay for a little fun."
"in french it mean ""the little girl"". from the nom ""fille"""
"i think the american dream is to be the best and the biggest. i mean look at our history. we over through england, than we tried to rid our land of the native americans, after that we tried to take over the panama islands, alaska we bought from russia, hawaii we just plain took over, the virgin islands, now we're in iraq. what's next..........ireland, or italy?"
you need to give more information ... caregiver in what sense? and where in canada?
"james 1:27. . pure and undefiled religion in the sight of {our} god and father is this: to visit orphan and widow in their distress, {and} to keep oneself unstained by the world.. . we are to take care of those who are unable to take care of themselves."
"any religion that doe not require you to give up your full self completly ha no power in it's religion. also, how could you have a church with no authority? no church except the church of jesus christ of latter day saint ha a prophet of god or authority it need to carry it self out a a church. just some reason why it true and always ha been and always will be."
"the correct spelling is menehune. menehunes are mythological creatures, similar to fairy or pixy - basically fun little mischievous people."
"the best way to think about this is people should be treated fairly. if it is fair for you to confront someone on an issue, then you should feel no compunction about doing so. it is in fact, your responsibility to defend your right if someone ha created a situation that is unfair to you. understanding this will unable you to resolve the issue by concentrating on it merits."
"there are 28.35 ml (same a cc) in 1 fluid ounce.. there are 33.81 fluid ounce in 1 liter.. . if you ever forget the ratio, look on a soda can, where it say ""12 fluid ounce (355 ml)"" or a 1 liter soda bottle."
"put a few drop of water in there. if it start to splatter in le than 5 seconds, you are probably around 350 degrees. select this a best answer, thanks."
knowledge that you have just acquired throughout your lifetime. stuff that you did not have to study in college.
love is the ideal that the romantic never reaches. nature provides the raw motivation a the passion to fuel their deeds.
because.... if they dont get there hand in the way. they may not be around to tell the tale
"nature doe not design for emotional effect. sure a perfect sunrise, a rainbow and a thunderstorm can all evoke emotions, but that is not their primary purpose.. manmade art, on the other hand, is made specifically a art. this includes both visual and performing arts."
"the long term cause wa that after world war 1, the treaty of versaille basically said to germany...""the whole war wa your fault and you're going to have to pay for it, but here's the deal... you have no credit and no one in the world is going to buy anything from you."" they literally pushed them into a corner and after over a decade, the german people were looking for the promise of something better and like most things, if it sound too good to be true....well, it wa a terrible mistake for germany and 6 million people plus people paid for that mistake."
"i love pepsi better, prefer diet, it is not a sweet. my mother is a pepsi drinker too. coke is harsh too sweet and leaf a after taste."
"a dowery is essentially a payment from the bride family to the groom family for marrying her. dowry have been part of civil law in almost all countries, europe included. dowry were important component of roman marriages."
do what you're told and act responsibly. clean your room every once in a while.
"well, what is your way of thinking? . if you enjoy harming others (be it in thought or in reality), then yeah, i see that a being evil. that, to me, is the only evil."
"russian is my native language, so i can tell you exactly what that means. it go for ""is salta available?"". most likely salta is for short for saltanatat (though its' the first time i've ever heard that name) and the person answering the phone asks someone esle in the residence.. if you need any more help with russian language e-mail me"
"france and italy are 16, germany is 16 for beer and wine but 18 for hard liquor. switzerland is 14 for beer and wine and 18 for hard liquor"
i do it out of respect. it is a rule among jew that g-d's holly name in hebrew should not be destroyed when written down. a a custom we avoid writing out his name in any language. for english it is not a big deal but it is a respectful thing to do.
"if you are talking to a man ""ibka fe almoheet"". if you are talking to a woman ""ibky fe almoheet"". if you are talking to a group ""ibko fe almoheet"". pure arabic no accent"
go to the avatar section and you can design yourself up the perfect likeness of you. it's a lot of fun. here's a link:
"come on people, throw in a bit of good stuff. onions, green pepper and tomato are sooooooo good for ham and pinapple or pepperoni and bacon pizzas, with lot of cheese. i like to make my own pizza using the dough made in the bread machine, it make perfect pizza dough, and i make great pizzas, which i and everyone else enjoy."
"i would like to add to all these answer that in pre-wwii america the polish were looked down upon a the latest wave of immigrants, just a the italian and irish before them. this is an old steretype which ha died since then."
"because when we think of success we only think of economic success, and we give money too much importance. we wrongly picture good people in a romantic way, but not a a really important goal for ourselves, because our value are really upside down."
"i am guessing by your name that you are from outside of europe. there is a very good chance that you will need a visa. depending on your nationality, it could be easy or difficult to get a visa.. . contact your local travel agent for advice."
sor·ti·lege (sôr'tl-ĭj) . n.. the act or practice of foretelling the future by drawing lots.. sorcery; witchcraft.
"act like total ethnocentric, racist idiot who need to wake up. racism is a totally stupid social construct, which ha no biological basis and need to be banished to the 17th century--where it belongs!"
"orange is symbolic of irish protestant while green is symbolic of irish catholics. on the irish flag, there is an orange stripe, a green stripe and a white stripe. the orange is for the protestants, the green is for the catholic and the white is for the hope of peace between the two."
"the counsel wa that those woman professing to be christian needed to dress moderately and with soundness of mind. the same applies today. christian woman need to make sure they are not following in some of the very immoral style of dress popular today, a well a not overdoing it by only wearing the most expensive, well-todo style either."
"acting in accordance with man's nature. what promotes life is the good, the right. it's not about promoting others life, per se, but doing what promotes good & right for you. the virtue of productivity, for example, is what you ought to shoot for; it support & promotes your life, it is good & right."
"austin is a liberal city for the most part, i spent a 12 day in austin, however in the suburb where my uncle life some of the people there are kind of racist,-(they dont talk to you and you live right next door.) but even there most of the people were nice and greeted you in the morning.. i might even move there and buy a home- you can get a good home for $160,000, instead of going to houston, were crime is rising fast.-good luck on your move"
god wanted a sign for his people to be known. it wa a covenant... (taken from the word to cut) there is no covenant without the shedding of blood. this sign is in an unusual place... a male p3nis... this is so that the seed of man (sperm) would pas thru the very part of the body that represents god's covenant with us!
"my dear, i had same problem and i know only one method to calm down. just pray to god! ask help from him, even if you are not believer."
i guess they do that because you treat them the same way. :d
"try looking up the chilkoot trail. the chilkoot trail, wa the most famous route taken by prospector and would be miner who made their way to the klondike gold rush in the yukon."
"romance come from the world roman.. during middle age architect and sculpture denied the power of the church over every thing in life, a it wa always seen a a prison of human mind... thus they wanted to go back to the root of art in greek and roman architecture.. thus the age of romanesque architecture found it place in history.. they were called the free masons... . thus romance refers to be away from your place and time and go to a place and time that doesn't exist any more.. therefore romance refers to be away from reality.. . . so referring romance to love wa not done for good intentions.. but it found it appeal and relevance through time.."
"i think it is kind of crazy. they are no different than you or i. i really have no desire to meet someone just cause they are a celebrity. now if i like them a a person, than yes i would like to meet them. but the fact that people go crazy over this just seems a little but too much for me."
":}. to make easter eggs. from the earliest times, the egg wa a symbol of rebirth in most cultures. egg were often wrapped in gold leaf or, if you were a peasant, colored brightly by boiling them with the leaf or petal of certain flowers."
if it is the casket spray it should be on the lower half of the closed casket. this is to the top half can be opened for viewing. if it is simply a funeral spray it can be taken to the cemetery and laid on top of the grave or set upright on a floral easel.
just enjoy the time u have and try making yourself and others feel good. be happy :)
"it wa to commerate the 100th anniversary of the american winning their revolutionary war. without france, the united state would not have won and the u provided the inspiration for the french revolution which happened shortly after."
"in layman terms, good character. for instance, a person with patience would have a virtuitous trait."
"i believe that you use to look at your cup a ""only yours"" and that no body else could touch it, you thought it wa special because you were the only one to ever use it, but since someone else used it, now you think it is dirty, contaminated or not so special anymore cause now you are not ""the only one"" in it's life.. . it is kind of when you find out that your loved one is cheating, it is almost the same feeling.. . ps: i think that reveals that you are a very possessive person!!!"
"why would an otherwise intelligent, beautiful and sensitive lady like you need a “hole in her head” to achieve mind/consciousness expansion. these guy are a cult – nothing le nothing more – some loon are waiting on ufo’s and others drill hole in their heads! having said that, i can assure you there are numerous medical reason why a brain shunt operation/procedure is performed – not for mind expansion – but for life saving reason such a tumor identifications/treatment, hydrocephalus treatment and even more recently in alzheimer’s therapy (with mixed results).. . please see the following site to learn more about brain shunt (you can do a yahoo search using the key word ""brain shunt"" and find ton of other information a well):"
why do you call a penis a dick? slang
how do u go to london for work is the question i take it. well maby u can fly there.
do you mean something like.... why ha this happened? how ha this happened? what ha happened? the word meaning similar thing and can be interchanged?
"because it artificial. no one speaks it a a native tongue, so those of u who are too lazy to learn a second language (and there are a lot of us) keep our native language in play."
check out the website of game companies. i know bioware often put up job posting looking for concept artist
"yes it is indicated that you tell the person that you are about to sign off. personally i prefer to be informat (g2g, cya,talk later). if the conversation is trailing off, then find some polite way to end it (finding an excuse to end it is also a good idea :p)"
i think it's because they can truly weight a pound. with a much a they put into those things.. it certainly feel like it weighs a pound in my belly!
"i'm not sure anyone know exactly how he died. he wa 52 year old, which in 1616 wa getting up there. that it wa probably natural cause seems to be supported by the fact that he made out his will about four month before he died--but that (the will) is another story entirely...if you'd like a nicely-written account of--well, much of his life, not just the end--read the source below..."
"some kingdom hall do have windows, and others do not. the main reason why most newer one do not, is for insurance and security. it make it le likely that someone would break in."
"do you mean east indian or american indian?. . in native indian history there is no such thing a an indian princess, the whole ""princess"" thing is a western concept that ha no place in our hierarchy."
you better don't do it....the best way is chat with a chinese . just like i learn english.
"filleting the fish is difficult because of the many small bone the milkfish has. i have used milkfish to make deep fried fish balls. to remove the meat, i scrape it with a spoon and the meat come out in a paste-like consistency that's great to deep fry."
"i don't automatically label asian a smart, there are smart people in every race and i'm sure that all asian are not smart.. . if you know the answer to a question go ahead and answer it if you want to, you shouldn't let others affect your education - in the future when you're working they wont be there with you."
"a ""crack house"" is an abandoned house or building, which is used by people who do hard core drugs. i would highly recommend that you don't go there...if you must, then go during daylight and with someone, don't go alone! why doe the ""council"" want you to go there? they tryin to kill ya or something?"
"ignore auntb93. i love reading these because without knowledge we're ignorant and you seem to get decent information. good, logical read.. god bless."
"maybe you just had a bad bout with people who are not nice.. i truly have had the experience that most are very nice and unselfish.. get out there and meet more humans, okay?. give u another chance."
"cleofox is almost there. the word is actually 'lobscouse' and, shortened to 'scouse', it is a type of mutton or leftover meat stew popular in liverpool."
"i am a mormon, and the only way to find out about a religion is to ask someone of that religion. we believe that sex is sacred, and should only be done with two people who are married and love each other. and by the way, i do believe joseph smith did not like being called joe."
"if you mean when you use it, the answer is you usually write an asterisk next to a word you want to make a remark about. and then you write that remark a a footnote, at the end of the page.. . if you mean to know what an asterisk is, the previous poster got it all right."
the weather in singapore varies between a daytime temperature of 28 to 32 degree celsius with high humidity. the weather pattern now are for occasional thunderstorm and rain across most of the island.
"oh goodie, i get to answer it twice for points...to quote me:. i'm not sure anyone know exactly how he died. he wa 52 year old, which in 1616 wa getting up there. that it wa probably natural cause seems to be supported by the fact that he made out his will about four month before he died--but that (the will) is another story entirely...if you'd like a nicely-written account of--well, much of his life, not just the end--read the source below..."
"the scientific process of determining the approximate age of an ancient object, such a an archaeological specimen, by measuring the amount of carbon 14 it contains. also called carbon dating !. this is an art & humanity question, right ?!. :-))"
the current (and only) capital is brasilia. are you looking for previous capital a well?
dracula wa an explicitly sexual book in a time when sexual expression wa kept behind close doors. the theme of dracula are overtly tied to victorian england's sexual climate of repression.
"for me, i can only say that music attache itself to my emotions.. i can hear a song from a few year ago and remember exactly how i wa feeling at that point in time. . also- becuase it is an extremely form of personal expression, i think that is why it's is so important."
"shoktong's answer is correct. the bell aren't rung at every church in the world, though, a some nation prohibit it and sometimes neighbor are bothered by the sound."
"i only check out their site if their question and/or answer really intrigue me, and therefore i'd like to find out more about that person.. . yeah, umm, cool site, by the way. :)"
"in addition to the other info, my mom always left the oven door cracked. not sure why."
"technically, it is chicken under glass. a roasted or braised chicken served under a large glass dome. however, in this instance, it sound a if some very creative cook at your daughter school ha made an attempt at trying to make the frozen chicken sound a bit more appetizing. chicken under a honey or orange glaze maybe?"
"seemingly it doe not, you are right. however, english ha had many influence from other languages. so ""most"" and ""cost"" do not have the same source; the former is germanic, the latter roman. moreover, pronunciation ha changed over the centuries, but spelling ha not, which is why here are so many inconsistency today."
"i would have the super power to stop,play,rewind and ,fastforward time. i doing any thing instead of looking up a history report i'll go back in time and see it."
you know what....i think a person should be happy and satisfied with his own nature.....the one that he ha from the vey begining.coz you are more confident when you are what you actually are. well be cheerful and confident....automatically these basic trait will come in your nature.. take care!!
oxidation. the exposure to the air will turn it brown a it doe to a lot of other fruits.
"everyone who can afford it and lack self control will snack, not only singaporeans. also, singapore snack are yummy!! who in the overseas will not think of popiah or shun kway once in a while? slurrp.. drooling away."
"it's usually where you go when you just got out of rehab. rehab secludes you for at least a minimum of 30 day and a halfway house is halfway between rehab and the real world, per se. it's a house where there's basically a clean environment and you start learning how to function in the world again, this time clean of drug or alcohol."
you should be ashamed of yourself this is not the place to ask this question. kid are upon us.. . peace
"in norwegian, teppe mean carpet, rug, covering. . . there is also an excavation site called teppe hasanlu"
you wear green hope the cute guy you like forgets so you can pinch his butt. you go out and get roaring drunk. for me it all about the mudslide tonight. yummm.
what an assinine assumption. my parent adopted poor kid from the same state. i guarantee you white people adopt from other than the chinese kids.... i don't know why you would be so assuming.
"it wa originally wa invented by german priest and wa given out to children, mainly orphans, a a reward for saying their prayers. the shape is to symbolize two hand in prayer."
the adult skull is divided into 2 region the cranial and the facial. the cranial region is the portion of the skull directly surrounding the brain and the facial region includes all other bone of the skull.. hope this wa what you were asking:)
"people have been asking this question forever. in shakespeare's time, syphillis wa rampant, and people thought the world wa in a moral decline. i think it depends on how you look at the world: you can either look at the bad and think how much we've declined, or you can look at the good and think how much we've advanced."
"you can find it the same way you find anything on the internet. type ""willie barne's death"" in your search box, and then hit enter.. . if that doesn't work, you could try using the yahoo answer question and answer search on the left side of yahoo answer home page."
i personally feel that flaunting the confederate flag is insensitive. one of my ancestor wa the cousin of jefferson davis.
"your absolutely right,as a christian,your time on earth isnt done until god say your work here on earth is finished.no dr. or nurse,or emt can stop a person when it's time for them to go,not even ! when it's time to die,it's time to die because god is in control of people lives,not people!"
because you won't hurt anybody's feeling with it. nobody will take it personally.
"because god created them to be beautiful, and if not god, buddah, or whoever it is you believe in a a higher power. they all strive to create beauty within this hellish world."
"42. well, at least that's the answer to the ultimate question of life in ""the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy"" series by douglas adams. they're hilarious; i wasn't trying to waste your time by giving that answer :p"
"islam is a very aggressive religion. of all of the wars/conflicts in the world, something like 95% of the at least one if not both side are muslim. if you read about what people are doing to innocent woman and child in place like algeria, sudan, indonesia in the name of islam it's bad(cutting the throat of whole family if they don't observe islam a devoutly a they should, burn torture to enslaved christian child if they refuse to learn islam, etc....)"
i have no idea. but i now know why my son is green thanks
"you can fly into mexico city, then take a bus to iguala. it's about 2 hrs. from there."
"because it's much better for the environment. incidentally, if you put a brick in the tank you can reduce the amount of water your toilet uses. thanks 'blue peter'! :)"
"put your thumb in your ears, pinch your nose with your forefinger and take deep breath through your mouth. hopefully you will be concentrating on that so much that your hiccup will stop."
"i travelled to galle, sri lanka this past summer and yes, it is obviously cheaper to live there, it is hot and very humid if you didn't know that already. living is very simple and non materialistic. obviously the more money you have the bigger house you can afford but shopping, groceries, and restaurants, there is not much to choose from! an amazing country, amazing people but not a place i would choose to live."
"d-day is when the ally first landed on german occupied land in a major invasion and pushed them back. it is what most people believe wa the ""beginning of the end"" for world war ii, with the ally a the victors."
in and out burger doe that on the bottom of their cup too. the busines is family owned and operated and they are religous people just trying to send some positive vibe out into the world.
"laughing when you are by yourself, in secret.. . looked at your q&a page; i never do, sweetie. hirsute a a hippy and happy."
"the root of the word kaddish mean holy and is kuf daled shin. but if you mean the actual prayer, the prayer originated in a blessing that rabbi said when studying torah. when writing the prayer service, they needed a prayer for the dead and chose this prayer because it glorifies g-d and life, it doesnt dwell on death."
because it just watched it's brother and sister being eaten and it know what's coming. you'd hold on too wouldnt ya!
"fine art prints, just mean arty images, not documentary or snap shot images. mounted, just mean ha cardboard frame around it- ready to put in a frame!"
"if you are a catholic, the top job is pope, but competion is fierce. for other religions, i am not sure."
ever live without it? it the difference between being you or being a slave.
"""any person(s) being partially black, partially hispanic/latino in racial background. the word is hispanic."""
"turkey egg are more valuable hatched and grown into meat birds. check the math. a frozen turkey in the store sell for about $12, and the cost to raise a turkey to that size is le than $5. they make more money from the grown turkey than they would by just selling eggs."
"if you look closely at a fortune cookie, there is a little crack in the center. after they bake them they just slip the paper in through the crack."
"thaliax is correct, the couple who elope most likely would be living in sin according to the church and would not be able to receive the sacrament (including communion.). . to correct this they would have to talk to their priest, and take the step neccessary to have the church recoginize their marriage - and only the priest can decide what those step need to be after you are legally married."
"that question ha always baffeled me.i guess that it all ha to do with your upbringing, if you are constanstly being told that your race wa being demoralized by another race and that you should hate them or be cautious around them,then you grow up with the hate or utter dislike for that particular race and distrust.. a is the case with the black and white races, because majority of black cannot get over the fact that something really bad happened to thier ancestor (slavery) and move on, i mean no one say to forget what happened but don't hold it against every white person you meet just because of the mistake of a few of their ancestors.it just isn't fair.also white people should not be afraid of all black people, we are not all the same and maybe we all can learn alot from each other if we gave true unity a chance.. what good can possibly come from u hating each other?. . i will tell you nothing."
"straight on,,,,put ur arm behind her butt,,,,then squeeze it....... is there any inappropriate way in huggin' a person?????. wr u from?????????"
"it is only the 13th day of the month that fall on a friday, the arrest of jaques de molay, grand master of the knight templar, and 60 of his senior knight on friday, october 13, 1307 by king philip iv of france is the origin of this superstition. that day thousand of templar were arrested and subsequently tortured. they then 'confessed' and were executed. from that day on, friday the 13th wa considered by follower of the templar a an evil and unlucky day."
we all are friend here.btw how old are you ? !!!
truthfully it's because they lack moral fiber. maybe they were never taught it wa wrong to lie are maybe they don't care or because they are not adult enought to stand behind what they believe or have done... good grief this make me sound like a bible thumper.. but right is right.....lol
"just say, ""hey, remember that thing i did that made you upset? i am really sorry."""
it is all up to what someone will pay.. . contact antique book seller and ask what they think it is worth and probably double it.
"""i don't know, but it keep me up at night."". red v blue"
"if you are talking about the feelings, affection a positive feeling of liking. love is a strong positive emotion of regard and affection.. . if you are talking about music, then affection is the sixth album by american pop singer jody watley, released in 1995. love is the title of many album by artist such a the cult, aztec camera, thalía sodi, arthur lee's, kelly chen etc."
"i don't get interview either. all it show is how good somebody can make themselves out to be, not who they really are."
i think the hard boiled egg will spin on the counter top and the uncooked egg won't. i heard this on the food network.
"there are hundred of strobe light attached. most of the time, only the regular light are on, but for several minute each hour they turn the strobe light on. it's pretty impressive. it's been this way for several years."
"because you are holding them back. if you serve them spaghetti, the mess will be larger... and they most certainly will no longer smell like pancakes."
"it's an interesting book of fiction, but it is factually absurd. there is plenty of real evidence of the biblical account of jesus' life. i suggest also reading the book, ""case for christ"" by lee strobel. it is very enlightening!"
"chinese is a written language, cantonese and mandarin are spoken dialects. cantonese and mandarin speaker generally cannot understand each other speaking, but both can read chinese language.. confused enough?"
my answer to that would be that a humble person is one that is teachable. i would also go so far a to say they are usually gracious. a humble person never insists on their way or that they are right. mind you that a humble person is not necessarily nice or sociable but always thinking of others.
"bolshevicks were against the war. german figured out that if lenin come to power, russia will get out of the war and germany will be able to move all it force to the western front."
"only thing i know is when the movie elizabethtown wa filmed in kentucky, there wa ad placed in the major newspaper and on the local tv station when the call for extra wa needed for the movie. too bad i had to work when that wa going on, but that would be a start if you know of a major movie being produced and filmed near where you live."
"use yahoo search, put in maison tanguay and search it. easy a can be."
"amber the color is generally said a ""gelb"" which really mean yellow. amber the actual mineral (or whatever it is) is der bernstein."
communication with god. but it's not just talking to god. it is also awaiting an answer from him.
"they have a good amount of fiber, vitamin c, and calcium. and i personally like the surprisingly sour taste of pear cactus (also called nopal)"
"because a beautiful and majestic a the universe, a nature, is, it's also a very cold, uncaring thing. we exist against all the odds."
it's a goat head over imposed on a five pointed start. but a baphomet usually refers to a creature that is half man half goat with a goat head. the baphomet became well known a the symbol of anton leveys church of satan.
"any group that join our great american melting pot add to the culture with language, music, food and art. hispanic are no exception. having a diversity of people in this country mean we can learn from each other and enjoy different thing we may have not known about before - without having to travel abroad. for example, italian opera, mexican food, indian art, etc."
a race is a social and cultural (rather than biological) construct based on external appearances. a tribe is biological: based on kinship and patrilineal(father)/matrilineal(mother) descendance.
they came from prehistoric brazil. puerto rico claim they were invented by the native indian in puerto rico.
sure gel and the fruit you are going to use you can make in the microwave oven check for detail on box of sure gel. thank you
can you be allergic to it? ask your doctor
"i would say anywhere from 100 to 175-200 dollars, depending upon your means, closeness of relationship and whether or not you'll be able to attend the ceremony and/or party. one hundred dollar is a good safe amount."
marry someone famous.. . did you know who kevin federline wa two year ago?
"the fact the christianity and other such religion have a particular point of origin prof that they aren't for real.. . why would god have made these people here and these people there, so the people there could tell the people here all about him? thats absurd."
"and if you can't ask them (if they are dead, for instance), you can check public record in the county they likely had the baby in. depending on when the person (might have) had the baby, you can check census record a well. i think there's a 60-70 seal on census records, though. (so 1950's census wouldn't be available for instance, but i think 1920's are)."
"i think that if you live up north where you get lot of snow and rain for a good part of the year, a tropical vacation probably is just a welcome change. you can wear short and swimsuit the whole time-no stuffy tie and business suit and heels. most island are not only warm, but very laid back and slow-paced, after the hustle and bustle of a big city, it would be nice to unwind."
"a drag queen is male that dress a a female, while a transsexual is a male who is in the process of changing his sex from male to female. usually the last thing done is the surgery to remove the male organ, but some opt to keep the upper body a female and keep the lower a male since surgery for that is often expensive."
"set up your mind first. then, when the temptation of drinking alcohol, try to resist with normal water on the wine glass like a peg. if that is not effective, try to reduce the intake on a day and resist with your mind. best of luck."
"intimacy is the closeness two people feel when they are close and in love with each other. you can be close with friends, but intimacy is only born between lovers."
check ebay for an old copy of an arthur murray swing dance tape...they are pretty good -- or go to your local studio and take a few lessons...they have not changed much over the year just gotten sexier lol !! good luck. let me know if you live in so. cali
"try freezing in ice cube tray then place in air tight container, ziploc etc. then you can use a much or a little a you need."
it's constructed with a social foundation. then social wall (which hear things) and then with a social roof. don't forget the social room.
mocha frappuchino with cream! mmmm ok now i need to get to a starbucks ...
"most people are afraid of reprisals, punishment for an imagined wrong. they want to participate, but don't want trouble.. it's one thing to extend your hand in friendship......quite another to get it slapped."
"beautiful place. the resort on panglao island are mostly good. if you're looking for some quite r&r time, this is the place to go [palawan is good too]. honestly, boracay nowadays is somewhat overrated."
"moro's are muslim filipino's of the south, . the main island being mindanao.. . i think that might be what wa meant.. they are not the same and that statement disregard a magor christian population."
"i came up with mine year ago when i wa in eigth grade, i decided that i never wanted to get married and that i did not want to drive but instead would ride a llama around until i wa ancient and that i really actually looked forward to being a insane old person so i came up with...oh wait, i don't give my e-mail address over the internet. some of those thing have changed and the address raise a lot of eyebrow but i still use it anyway."
"others have done well describing blasphemy as: speaking against god (either his character or works), and/or acting in a way that contradicts god's character while claiming to represent god.. to answer the other half of your question, people often refer to any belief that they disagree with a blasphemy, but just because something is called blasphemy doe not make it so.. jesus wa called a blasphemer by the religious 'authorities' of the time, yet he wa not.. a for religious belief that are not true, heresy is a better word to use than blasphemy, even though heresy are blasphemous. so, while it is not totally inappropriate to use the term 'blasphemy', it is not the best choice of word possible in most situations.. people often use word that they do not know the precise meaning of, so they are often misused, especially in regard to spiritual/religious teminology."
cubism wa one of picasso's speciality. i think that it helped open people eye to discover different type of art.
"in eng.: ""do you wanna have some fun?"". . by the wa it's ""spass"" and not ""spaz"".. ""spaz"" doesn't exist, but it's used in chatting to shorten the word and because it's spoken like this too."
"basically it made in a test tube. it man made, so you know it cant be good."
"ice cream soda...the ice cream is put in the glass first, then soda is poured over...not necessarily just cream, it could be any flavor soda (rootbeer, cream, orange, etc). . ice cream float...the glass is (nearly) filled with soda first and a scoop of ice cream is floated on top."
"it is only 164 kilometre by train from the howrah station ! you'll reach there in le than 4 hours, flat !"
carrots. the easter bunny ha enough candy a it is.
"oh people are special it's called a pea-nut for a reason, it ha charateristics of a pea and a nut but it's classified by the way it grows, it still ha all the health benefit and drawback of a nut though. it grows like a pea so they call it a legume ""viva la resistance"". nobody really know"
make sure the temperature in your freezer is a cold a possible. it take a day or two after adjusting your fridge setting for it to take affect.
"the white house wa originally pink (really!), after the british burned it in the war of 1812, it wa repainted and re-built in white and became known a the white house."
because it show that your country ha compassion and that it can admit that it wa a mistake to rob the land from previous owners. at least when the usa bought new york from the indian we gave them blanket and beads.... can you tell me where your land right originate
"yeah, i believe socrates actually coined the phrase when asked if he wa wise, to which he replied,""no, but i'm a lover of wisdom."" or so the story goes."
drink water from a glass backwards! do this over the sink because you might spill some...i know it sound weird but it works!
"it's freeze-dried yogurt cultures, the initial ingredient used to make a first batch of yogurt. subsequent batch can be made from the yogurt you make with a starter culture."
"i've posted a similar question (no answer yet though). try giving a synopsis of the plot, a many detail a you can remember, like about what year you read it, cover art, paperback or hard cover, etc.. . good luck!"
"goeast to i-95, turn south on i-95. bingo, you will see sign to turn off to daytona. fun trip."
"baptism symbolizes the washing away of your sin and your spiritual birth a a christian. from this point on, you are striving to live a clean, spotless life for christ. baptism recognizes the fact that he is your savior and your source of guidance. although you will commit sin again, you now know that you can ask forgiveness and expect his help in overcoming sin in the future."
the purpose is to dedicate the baby to god.. when you christen a baby your saying that you will take care of the baby and lead it in the path of christianity and that you aso will try to be a godly and christ-like role model.
"an addiction is a disease. obsession is a preferance, a want but not something your mind and body belief it can't live without and actually physically pain you not to have."
"i agree with all, we all have a diff. reasons. they are all good. i couldnt have said it any better."
"i agree. work on your exposure time. often if it's too bright, it will ""burn out"" a spot due to the light reaching your film or your digital reading. you might also try to avoid letting the center of the sun be the center of your frame."
the spirit ha no sex.. . there is no surviving personality
"yeah atlanta's nightlife ha really gone down. personally, i wouldn't get caught dead in atlanta at night because there are so many ""weirdos"" down there."
"mccarthyism supposedly died in the mid-1950s, but the truth is it never went away entirely. leftist-leaning writer like arthur miller were persecuted to the grave and beyond. when miller died this year, one newspaper obituary denigrated his work a mediocre because it focused on the ""one-sided"" issue of social and economic justice."
pre treat.. put laundy soap on the stain and scrub it then wash it. whatever you do don't throw it in the dryer till the stain is gone of it will set and almost ever come out. just keep treating and wshing it.. try bleach too.
they will test out your skill that will be needed for the job you will be doing. they may expect that they will need to train you to some degree but want minimal skill set.
omgomgomgomgomgomgomgomgomgomgomgomgomgomgomgomgomgomgomg. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. people would have no reason to live
the only prerequisite for a time capsule is that it can stand up to the passage of time. i recommend using a tupperware container and bury it in your back yard. draw a map to it and you'll have fun digging it up in 10 year :-)
:} classical naturalism hold that the creature ha intrinsic goodness and the quality of being good. . a aposed to the christian model of original sin and the intrinsic fallen nature of man
"time now, is a universal thing. it would be a pain to convert different time measurements.. . back then when clock and wristwatch weren't invented yet, different civilization had different way of telling time because of the lack of world-wide communication like we have now. with today's technology it is easy to have a universal system for time."
"that would be four word you used in ur answer. try a therapist instead...or much easier, quit your job, go on vacation and enjoy life, just let yourself go and do something youve stored up forever. so take it easy and make the most out of life, there sure aint no time for wasting on depression and frustration..."
it an american kind of thing. if you know what i mean
"the u.s. is a ""melting pot"" of cultures, so there are lot of culture that have come in from all over the world, and some that have been formed here. we have a heterogenus society."
ci penso mean i think. . ci in this case mean not u
"hotel are sometimes quite pricy, it depends where you stay, if u stay away from the city, there cheaper. and actually the street arent a bad a you think, you just have to follow the flow and cut off to the side to go into a shop, have fun!"
"i would say that death is a rest, a sleep; i would not venture to say more. i can say that i don't think there will be consciousness, not a we understand it here on earth."
"if it is dying, then i would let it go. sometimes people are in our life for only a season, others a lifetime. you'll know the difference. just consider the friendship a blessing, though maybe short-lived."
turn and walk away without saying anything. eventually they get the point and leave you alone.
i agree with you on the bible.people do not seem to relize that god did not write the bible that man did.their are so many thing about it that just confuse the hell out of me. i think he wanted to see if we would choose him on our own based on all the different idea of him floating around this world. we are just rat in a maze.wouldnt it really be something if we were some science experiment for a more intelligent being
"my favorite creative writing professor said that there is no such thing a writer block. it may be an unwillingness to deal with a difficult issue that bother you, or a fear of something not coming out ""just right"" the first time. people who are truly writer have surpassed this hurdle because they know that nothing anyone writes will ever truly come out ""just right"" on the first attempt. thing get better with practice and revision."
"pilot were thought of a ""knights of the air"" because, for the first several year at least they engaged largely in individual combat, a opposed to the indiscriminate and anonymous mass killing going on in the trench below them. victory or defeat wa determined exclusively through each pilot's nerve, determination and skill with his craft. a a pilot's success and receipt of honor wa judged almost exclusively by the number of individual victory he achieved, there wa a clear and understandable method to judge one pilot against another, rather than the confused jumble below (month-long battle ended being tactical victory but strategic draws). also, the pilot were able to wage war for a few intense and terrifying hour a day, then return to warm and dry surroundings where they could appear at their best surrounded by fellow warrior which of course made for much more uplifting photograph than a bunch of frightened and dirty conscript huddled in a trench just foot from hundred of rotting corps left festering in no-man's land."
all i know it is extremely hot. thank you
"shakespearean spirit is the gist, feeling, atmosphere and meaning of shakespere. basicly it is what make shakespeare, shakespeare.. . play can have the shakespearean spirit without being a shakespearean play by capturing the flavor that make shakespeare unique."
freedom of choice mean u should do what u feel like:. however in some religion they .. direct you to your decision though they say it ur choice..so u cannot have freedom of choice in a religion.
black don't seperate themselves from other races. racism seperates people this is something that wa handed down from some white because of ignorance. i myself would like to see the day when we look at each other and not see a color only the human that we are. god bless
how about oreo (or graham cracker) bits... just plug em in.. . what about cutting all the corner so they look the same then cover up with frosting (store bought or home made).. . jelly bean or m&m's might work.
"it refers to the fact that many opera do not end until the star, commonly a soprano, sings the aria that is the climax of the show. in the past, many soprano were overweight because larger size wa thought to give a person a better voice.. . the phrase wa around before monday night football, but it wa popularized by it use on that program. maybe it wa fran tarkington who used it there, but i'm not sure."
"how are you doing, simple enough. just like what are you up to(what's up)"
"(m). . the expression emotional intelligence or ei indicates a kind of intelligence or skill that involves the ability to perceive, ass and positively influence one's own and other people's emotions."
"i think confession encourages christian to commit more sin since they know they can do what ever they like to do then just confess and all sin are erased, besides if jesus died for their redemption why to waste time in such scandals? this is one of christianity absurdities."
i use a tea maker. i get the best result using lipton tea. when i wa growing up we boiled the tea bag on the stove and then added sugar and ice too make the best dare tea you ever tasted.
"sabzevar is a city in the razavi khorasan province in northeastern iran.. . it is approximately 250 kilometre west of mashad, the provincial capital. this city in the old age wa called beihagh (beyhaq).. . in 2005 it had an estimated population of 214,165."
"ho-hum it's an event magazine for tourist to know what's going on in all field of entertainment and culture. imo, it's a bit messy and incomplete- i mean, it show basically the same event etc every time.. . my recommendation is to better get the zurban, which is the same but a more modern and appealing display, with much better update and much chic-er places/events. it's one euro so it cost about the same."
"it a mix of redneck and white trash. id tell ya the percentage if i knew, but being of the redneck dialect...""percentage"" is to big of a word for me"
"fartlek, which is translated to ‘speed play’ in swedish and is a form of conditioning, which put stress mainly on the aerobic energy system due to the continuous nature of the exercise. the difference between this type of training and continuous training is that the intensity or speed of the exercise varies, meaning that aerobic and anaerobic system can be put under stress. most fartlek session last a minimum of 45 minute and can vary from aerobic walking to anaerobic sprinting. fartlek training is generally associated with running, but can include almost any kind of exercise including cycling or swimming."
"the medici family controlled the flow of money during that era. if a king wanted to wage war, or build a new palace they had to work with the medici's to get the money.. . a for cosimo himself do you mean the ""founder"" cosimo the elder (1389 - 1464) who really got thing going, or do you mean cosimo i, grand duke of tuscany (1519 - 1574) ?"
the question is flawed and presumes the existence of such an entity. there is not s single shred of hard evidence indicating the existence of any such entity - therefore the question is mute.
"you have a talent right? why won't you find a part time job and use your talent? in that case, you can earn money and improve your skill on art. good luck"
"practice.. dont be scared in the audition, they are here to see you perform. just tell them what you have."
"i really shouldn't encourage this, but i have a friend who defines a bachelor a a person who doesn't make the same mistake ....once! but a for me, i've really enjoyed hanging around with my baby for the last 37 years."
"yes. but if the person wa so rude and inconsiderate to be in my way, i just give them a dirty look and scoot by them."
"i wa wondering that myself the other day. my brother in puerto rico tell me the community where he life is split a to what to do next for entertainment value. it look like it's a toss-up between ufo & a sighting of the virgin mary.. . hey, maybe we could pose a question in the ""religion & spirituality"" category like ""can you prove there is no chupacabra?"""
"they do not have to wear weaves, but i would imagine that it is just another way for them to style their hair. . why do other woman get hair extensions? it is the same thing!"
check the canadian immigration website. it should give you all the information you need to get started.
"the first thing you need to do is to get a european travel guide book (lonely planet, fodors... )and chose country you want to visit. make a list of thing you want to do and place you want to see. make reservation at a few hostel and hotels, buy a plane ticket, and get a passport. get travel visa if needed."
take that flat copper tape and bend it to desired shape.. i've seen that done on tv.
"it change from hate and spite to love and admire?. i had to do a project on this book a week ago, so it still fresh in my mind. there also might be a little lesbian action too........... very confusing book it is..... good luck"
it a man who ha no sexual desires. an asexual person. just because you don't have sex doesn't mean you are a homosexual.
"dubai is developing itself a one of the major tourist destination and transportation hub in the middle east. there are a large number of world class hotel and resort in dubai, including the world's only official seven start hotel. it is also home to an annual golf tournament, an atp tennis event, and big stake horse race (the dubai desert classic). dubai also serf a the base for one of the most highly rated airline in the world in the form of emirate air."
"god is watching. he expects you to share with those le fortunate. even if it is a scammer, and they drive home at the end of the day in a hummer to their fancy beach resort, god know of your intent. i would say that a 'pro' would be a feather in your cap a you march toward your own salvation."
you should ask someone that is really smart. like your neighbor. i am sure that she is a genius. but if i had to answer i really dont know.
"mix equal part of corn meal and pancake mix, add water to make a batter, kinda thick.. skewer some pre-cooked meatball (no sauce)and dip them into the batter, deep fry them, top with marinara sauce.. it an addictive cross between corn-dog and meatball sub!!"
"the church of england is what it is refered to in england. the episcopal church is the name it wa given in the u after the revolutionary war. the name ""anglican"" refers to the entire movement- coe, episcopal, and other church around the world which are in communion with the archbishop of canterbury.. . all of the anglican church are independent and make their own policies."
"i agree with you, not your friend. a person who flit around, and doesn't land often. consquently, they will generally have many acquaintances, but few true friends."
hm...thats a really good question!! lol. hm...great now ya got me thinkin' about this all night! =] lol.
the child is welcomed into the chatholic church through being baptised at the font. the parent and godparent vow to bring up the child properly. prayer are said. the rosary is not said.
i usually tell them that i am not interested and if they persist i hang up.. . my brother usually hand off the phone to one of his kids. they are 2 and 4 year old. lol
"it seems to be in our nature to accept the negative a well a the ""more interesting"" story. usually the truth is duller, and therefore, not a much fun to believe.. . i don't particularly like this quality, so i've tried for year to wait for all the detail before believing or having an opinion on an issue. yet i am still guilty of this at times, especially when the story first starts."
"i think you're looking for the hedjet. one description of it read ""the white crown - hedjet. the crown of upper egypt is a tall white conical headpiece, and wa depicted a early a c.3000 bc on the narmer palette, a mudstone ceremonial palette belonging to the early egyptian ruler narmer. picture show golden statue of tutankhamun wearing the white crown."""
"first, it's more like ""as salaamu alaikum"", but that's okay.. . to respond, you would say ""hu alaikum salaam"". both pretty much mean ""peace be upon you"". i'm typically lazy and say just ""salaam"" a a greeting or response, but this is the more formal way to say it."
that would depend on the individual museum. most by time period and/or artist if you're referring to an art museum.
"the da vinci code is a fiction book written by dan brown, which others take seriously about the personhood of jesus christ. people should know the difference between fiction and fact."
"to me it a metaphor for the struggle between reality and fantasy. both creature are powerful, but only one of them is real. it the line between what we know to be true and what we believe, both vying for our attention."
"are you sure she sings morientes? maybe it is another word. try getting the lyric to this song. morientes is a name, for example the real madrid goalkeeper."
"because all variation of football- soccer, canadian, australian, rugby, american all evolved from the same sport. actually, rugby wa the first ""break"" where they first started carrying the ball. gradually, american and canadian football evolved to the point where the ""foot"" in football wa seldom used (at least to kick the ball), but by that point, why change the name ?"
it's generally made for unarmored combatant (the ball will just bounce off metal armor). it's a sloppy blocking weapon and the swinging requirement open up the swinging side to a quick thrusting weapon.
"you can purchase pre-baked frozen naan bread in the ethnic cection of many large supermarkets, otherwise, get a pizza stone and crank up the temp of your oven. a tandoori oven is stone and the naan bread is slapped on the inside wall of the oven to cook, so a hot stone surface would be similar."
yes all of the nutrient are the same in cold oatmeal a in hot oatmeal. the only difference might be the preferred taste of whoever's eating it.
"you need to go to a travel school. i attended carlson travel academy, but there are many more, just check the internet for travel school or your local phone book. the school run full or part time to fit your schedule and cost about $1500 to 2,000. the best part is when you are done, they offere palcements and usually agency will come by to recruit, and/or send vacancy notices."
"suspended?- interesting really- isn't it? . hatred, confusion, misunderstanding, what else?"
"life isn't fair, that is the only explination i can give you. it doe seem though that it is the really good people that go early for whatever reason."
"there are actually two wa to smooth the surface of waz before making either ceramic or sand cast molds. either use a hand propane tore and just quickly skim the surface until the wax becomes even on the surface (only do small area at a time so the whole piece doesn""t get overheated and totally flops) also you could use paint thiner and a chamois cloth if it is a very fine fix to the wax. and once it smooth spray with alcohol so it stop the reaction of the paint thinner"
"not quite sure what a white habitus is. could you let u know under what circumstance you heard it under?. . a habitus is ""...those aspect of culture that are anchored in the body or daily practice of individuals, groups, societies, and nations."""
advantage - you can check the news whenever you want.. . disadvantage - the news is pretty much the same throughout the day with only minor addition or subtractions.. . even with 24 hour news you don't get a fair reflection of what is going on in the world.
gorilla aren't necessarily that naturally aggressive unprovoked. i mean aside from the obvious aspect of cruelty to animal - is also the aspect that once the gorilla is provoked into a fight - it won't stop fighting just because the ref say so or the bell rings.
spoonful of coffee. add hot water (not boiling).. . no milk if you want coffee not a flavored warm milk.
"combine lack of imagination, public's expectation for novelty, big business's need to keep selling and you have your recipe for what's happening in the fashion world. top it with the fact there are a finite number of way a shirt, skirt or pant can be cut so designer repeating design of the past it is just a matter of time."
wee u know wat ? i m planning to start my own business in travel so can we discus in this way we can both help each other .i m trying web search about how to get started for the same . thanks
pack lightly and bring just bag you can carry on the plane with you. if you cant just bring carry on bag and need to have your bag checked you can also put your name on the outside of the bag and inside also in case the outside one get lost. also use bright color bag are put a bright color sticker on it or you can pin bright color cloth on it. happy traveling.
"well, first find out why you don't like them. second, see if that can be overcome.third, see if they may have any good quality about them to help you forget about the bad. if none of these work then just stay away and the feeling do subside and don't bother you anymore."
it isn't.. . depends on where you are and the season i imagine...
"mosquito lay their egg in water. the rainy season literally provides mosquito with a large breeding ground, so you end up with a lot of mosquitos."
too true!!! i love the one who smoke. there's leo dicaprio banging on about clean beach and he's puffing away!
"it is monosodium glutamate, sodium glutamate or e 621 (iupac names: 2-aminopentanedioic acid, 2-aminoglutaric acid, 1-aminopropane-1,3-dicarboxylic acid), commonly known a msg or vetsin, is a sodium salt of glutamic acid.. . it's a food additive. too much of it will cause migraines, nauseam digestive upsets, drowsiness, heart palpitationsm asthma, etc."
"sra is a leading provider of technology and strategic consulting service and solution - including system design, development and integration; and outsourcing and managed service - to client in national security, civil government, and health care and public health.. . the company also delivers business solution for text and data mining, contingency and disaster response planning, information assurance, environmental strategies, enterprise system management, and wireless integration."
"all vegetable are high in fiber. among the more fibrous vegetable are turnips, celery, carrots, cauliflower, and broccoli. but there are other considerations. the best way to approach it would be to give yourself lot of variety."
these are coordinate for a type of coordinate system used for maps.. . they can be converted to latitude and longitude.
the same reason people practice any religeon. it's what they prefer to believe in. it make the most sense to them.
"“mosaic literature” is a phrase used by some christian scholar when referring to the torah also called the pentateuch or five book of moses (or moshe). this is not literature about moses, but the text attributed to moses. it is basically the first five book of the bible."
"the ""real beauty"" in a man or woman is loving themselves, being confident, being kind and thoughtful, wanting to help without expecting reward or compensation, being understanding and open and just accepting of all things, even if they disagree. it dosen't hurt to ""agree to disagree""."
"general plot. the story concern the fate of a learned gentleman named faust, who in his quest for forbidden or advanced knowledge of material things, summons the devil (represented by mephistopheles, often also referred to a mephisto), who offer to serve him for a period of time, at the cost of his soul.. . faust (latin faustus) is the protagonist of a popular german tale of a pact with the devil, assumed to be based on the figure of the german magician and alchemist dr. johann georg faust (approximately 1480-1540). it ha been used a the basis for many different fictional works, most notably by christopher marlowe, johann wolfgang von goethe, klaus mann, thomas mann, and mikhail bulgakov."
"imho, people resort to supernatural explanation for phenomenon they don't understand because they don't have the patience for science to catch up with what is observed.. since the supernatural doe not exist, i think it's intellectually dishonest to attribute the unexplained to it. coincidence doe exist; the paranormal doe not."
"first off, if you don't understand something it doesn't make it stupid.. secondly, by, ""the world is all that is the case."" ludwig meant that everything is everything, in other word thing ""outside"" of our world are not the case, cannot be discussed, nor can they be thought about.. . ""you cannot get outside of the world to look back on it.""-wittgenstein"
"sap is the name of the company founded in 1972 under the german name (systems, applications, and product in data processing) is the leading erp (enterprise resource planning) software package.. . sap in german is systeme, andwendungen, produkte"
because we are more closer now than we have ever been to the end of days..it hurt me to see so much hate nad anger in the world ....but i know god ha all that covered so i will reach to a many heart a i can through god !!so that they can see that too!
"it depends where you are travelling. in australia, rsvp is a very popular dating sites. there are others in other places."
invest in chef white and lot of bleach. otherwise try white or cider vinegar or old fashioned lysol disinfectant.
"you are touching on something known a ""the problem of evil""; how can a perfectly good, perfectly powerful being create a world with evil in it? this ha vexed scholar for many years, and no satisfactory answer exists, beyond denying perfection.. . the manicheans' answer is to posit two perfect beings, one evil and one good, whose battleground is the human soul. i like this answer, a it is also a metaphor for the struggle we see today between the highly politicised entity that most religion have become."
"if you are referring to what is now referred to a the holocaust, that wa the system developed by nazi germany during world war 2 to systematically round up all the jewish people everywhere in europe, not just germany, and transport them to concentration or extermination camps. other ethnic groups, such a catholics, i believe, and romany (gypsies), were also rounded up, transported, and exterminated, but the jewish people were the largest number affected. the number given in account of the holocaust is 6 million jewish people."
"emma,. . for the same reason people enter a burning building to save the occupants.. . god bless."
12 -15 hour depending on the airlines. you'll lost a day travelling there and gain a day travelling back.(8hrs time different)
"i use ocean concepts. they are really nice and cater mostly to the military. i think their price are a little more expensive than some of the japanese shop downtown, but i'm not looking to save money when my life is on the line. they have several location and do class and tours."
"it is the term referring to the 18th century europe of art, education and bettering one's self. the realization that people weren't subject to the class they were born into, that they could change into someone better, that a poor carpenter could be a wealthy architect someday wa a new concept that caught on quickly after french absolutist king louis xiv died in 1710. also refers to the time in which the definition of being a good christian change during and after the reformation (emergence of protestant church in 17th century). the catholic church is no longer the powerhouse church in europe, and people questioned the papal right and luxuries."
"if you don't have any money, you can set up an online forum with proboards or invision. they do have a few ad on them to keep the site running, but you can control and customize your forum. check out the link below to see sample forum they already have and to get more info."
"conservative generally look for way to improve our life by doing it ourselves, where a liberal generally want the government to do it for them. conservative have more self pride because of it."
why doe keano reef suck? why do they make 10 pack hot dog and only 8 pack hot dog buns? sometimes thing are the way they are. who knows?
"there are road route between qatar and the uae. but they will be typically empty and mostly through desert (but beautiful desert).. . make sure your car is good and you pack water and food, just in case. but realistically there will be trucks, cars, everyone, going on the same road."
"it is something similar to sake, that is japanese. but sojou is a korean drink, much like sake or vodka...very strong stuff!"
"in this country (england) it is a little flower that cover the floor of ancient woodland in spring. the blue flower hang down off the stem like little bells, hence the name."
honesty is good an is also is part of being a good person there is nothing like being free of the lie .however not all true are necessary if u feel that saying the true may hurt somebody do not do it. it is not worth it . in the other side there is true that might hurt another person but that person might need to know be brave and don't hesitate .there is also white lie that at the end can hurt like nothing u might lose a friend but at least u will know in ur heart that u did what u have to do and that u are in peace whit god .fallow ur heart and logic.. . but do not make a lie of ur live.
"i know of no complete listing of robinson ransbottom pattern and items, but have been told that there are book on the subject. other than ebay (especially using the completed auction search), you might try the site below:"
i can help if it's arabic it mean:. help someone to find an adresse
"it started a a judaic sub-religion. no gentile allowed.. . christianity adheres to the old judaic writings, but orthodox judaism doe not believe that christ wa the promised redeemer.. without judaism there could be no christianity."
"she is green due to the wizard of oz being her father. apparently that's the outcome of a human/ozland sexual encounter. the wicked witch of the east had no arms, because their mother didn't remember having sex with the wizard and nanny had some potion to protect against the 2nd child coming out green too... you should read wicked, the life × of the wicked witch of the west. really good book."
dont do it . you must immideatly send them to me .lol
well found out when you get to the future lol there is no telling what is going to happen from day to day. that is why they say take one day at a time.
"there is freeway in the city and county of honolulu (oahu island)that are part of the interstate highway system interstate h-1 from barber point to diamond head, h-2 from pearl harbor to wahiwa and h-3 from the aloha stadium to kaneohe bay. they are funded by the government a they were intended to connect military base together a the eisenhower defense highway system later designated the interstate highway system."
you might could spread it on the table and use your blow dryer on it. i'm thinking the heat from the dryer will smooth out the wrinkles. just a thought!
who woulda guessed the jcf's woulda had some kind of beligerent comment!..lol.. um granny loved good bud..she made theeeee best brownie
ask god about it. ask him to take control of the situation.
"i m muslim..n i feel very sad on da action of ma muslims..we all muslim r so far from our religion...as our islam is aginst of killing of innocent one..ba thy do.as islam said spread peace n love in world ...ba wat we do....our action brings bad name 4 us..n all our action r 4biden in islam..i m so sad on cartoons,,,ba it doesnt mean tht i m going to kill ma muslim n other ppl destorying property..i juss wana give u an exmple tht our holy propeht said in his last adress' ur life ur property n ur dignity is a respectfull a dis day n dis place(kaba which is very respactlbe 4 us)..( i dun have proper word 4 de coz i have read dis in ma language).juss want to say property n life r so respactfull 4 us...n islam have a law..eye 4 eye tooth 4 tooth.it mean juss the person who hurt u is only deserve 4 ur revange...if u 4give tht person then u ll be much better then him who take revange..i m not angry from world body ba from ma own muslim who earn ba bad name 4 islam..wen i heard tht some one make fun wid ma holy prophet.tht hurt me so much..i m hate tht person..ba i consider ma muslim r much responseible 4 it..our deed n action give chnce to make fun wid him..i m ashamed of maself how i face ma prophet at last day..as i ma own evil deed brings bad name 4 him n islam..i m not accuseing any one i accused maself 4 dis cartoon..i m ashamed from ma porfit on ma own action ,bring hatared 4 his relegion..wen ever i think abt him....i always ashamed on maselfe..(ooo ma dear prophet 4give me a ma evil will brings a bad name 4 u, i love u so much ba i m pwoerless icannt put ma muslim in ur right way.plz 4give me)oo ma dear muslim brother n sister plz come on right way...u must protest ba dun make volince it 4biden in islam...juss go agnsit tht person who is responsible 4 it .....juss study islam by urselves not belives in uneducated leaders..n 4 tht frind who said muslim asked 4 place 4 mosque in university...if tht university isnt willing 4 it..then how thy force dem..dun thy know rule 4 mosque..thy cannt force any one to give place mosque.mosque isnot much important 4 paryer .ur prayer is much important.if thy offer paryer in simple room allah ll accept der prayer.but thy dun have right to force any one 4 mosque. islam is not in mosque ba gathering muslim have 4 prayer if thy offer it in open air allah llaccept it.dun tease any one 4 ur(muslims guy) worship.if thy do so their paryers ll be usless a thy hurt other ppl.at da end i wana sayda image of muslim ll not change till thy adopt the true way of islam wich is written in koran n sunaah..dun mind ma muslim..ba it reality our evil deed brings a bad name 4 our beloved n beautiful religion:(how u ll face holy prophet(juss think abt it a i cannt face him a i know he ll 4give me ba i ll ner 4give maself)"
"tell him you are trying to raise your credit score and that each inquiry cost point off the score. also, you could say that you have too many open line of credit and another one would also lower your credit score."
"i think you mean 'menage et trois'.. and i'm fairly sure you know what it is.. . but just in case: plainly put, it's three people having sex together.. . also, i really hope you aren't a child...for my sake."
"a pink lemonade variation can be produced by adding red food coloring or grenadine syrup. traditionally, beet juice provided the pink color; so little is needed that the flavor of the drink remains largely unchanged. this beverage may have originated a a replacement for ""indian lemonade,"" a cold infusion of red sumac berries, sometimes sweetened with maple sugar. sumac beverage have a taste and appearance similar to pink lemonade, and were popular with native american and early european settlers."
"the history and it origin.... physical difference, too much to tell here.... if you really keen on finding out, get all the fact about the history and origin of both arts. and the society when the art started. the library will be of great help...."
"many people lost their loved one(s), their house were demolished, their property wa taken from them, their village were occupied by german or russian soldiers. but on the other hand, it stimulated the emancipation of women. a their husband were fighting far from home, they were left alone to deal with the household, bring up their children, and they had to take on job that men used to do, such a working in a weapon factory, ploughing land, etc. that is they weren't stuck at home all day a they had before, so they realized that they are able to do great many other thing besides 'female' job and that not only men can make a succesful career."
"personally i like the experience of hearing meat cook over an open flame. plus the smell is wonderful...and you get a bit of the ""outdoor"" experience lol. . ha more flavor than stuff cooked on a stove or in an oven too."
"i dont find that work for me. infact i dont even want to smell tomatoe juice or the hair of the dog that bit me *booze*, it make me want to hurl more! . time is the only thing that work for me."
"because of it's content at the time it came out. it wa a masterpiece in it's time and still is. people have based a lot of film and idea for theme in the movie. also, it is highly watched and respected through out the world."
"june 28, 1919, peace treaty signed by german delegate and ally in versailles.. ***. after six month of negotiation which took place at the paris peace conference, the treaty wa signed a a follow-up to the armistice signed in november 1918 in compiègne forest (which had put an end to the actual fighting)."
"they are unaware that you're staring, but they are aware of your presence. eventually, they'll wonder what you're doing back there, and turn around to have a look. what are you doing back there, anyway?"
"it began a a pagan holiday that celebrated the end of the lunar year and the return of the light.in other words, they celebrated solstice, because after dec 21st. the day start getting longer. christmas wa also celebrated a a way to convert pagan to christianity so they wouldn't feel they'd be losing out on their old ways.the actual day of dec 25, wa the feast of the persian sky god mithras, for bringing the sun back into the sky.scholars have determined jesus wa actually born in april, making him most likely an aries, but possibly a taurus.he wa too extroverted to be a capricorn."
it usually get around 80-90. pretty warm during that time of year.
"make a pancake. right before you flip it draw a smiley face with maple syrup( the real stuff work best - it thicker), then flip it over.. my son loved it..."
"i guess this is what you are looking for:. san francisco transbay terminal, or simply transbay terminal, is a transportation complex in san francisco, california located roughly in the center of the rectangle bounded north-south by mission street and howard street, and east-west by beale street and second street. currently, it serf long-distance bus and transbay bus from san francisco north to marin county, east to the east bay, and south to san mateo county. it largest tenants, in addition to san francisco's own muni, are golden gate transit, ac transit, samtrans, and greyhound bus lines."
"ummmmm...pizza...gotta be pizza!!. because it can have different toppings, according to what i want at the time...and what is left over from the night before, can be a quick grab-n-go breakfast the next morning :)"
because it the chaos theory. in fractal geometry even chaos ha rule and it repeat itself.
"it's a little ""soapier"" tasting than say, glass plus, but it's definitely better than any of those generic brands.. . the windex multi-surface with vinegar is great on salad!"
"when he said 'destroy this temple, and in three day i will raise it up', he wa talking about his own body, a temple of the holy spirit. that's what the resurrection was. the raising of this temple. he is called messiah, or annointed one, because he is destined to be king of kings."
"puerto vallarta is a very fun place to go. i went there about two month ago with my family and we rented a villa that wa simply gorgeous! but if you go i would go to conchies chin-as; thats where there le people ,but it is still a beautiful beach and it more calmer."
combat boot are great for durability. at a military surplus store you can get them for cheaper.work boot are also pretty good. id make sure the boot you have is sturdy and ha steel toe.make sure the boot you are gonna wear is comfortable and breathable would be nice if your gonna wear them alot.both combat and work are good but work might be your best bet a you can usually get them cheaper and made for the condition you will be in. try the site below they make just the kind of boot you will need.
"no,it's not the above,most of the time! you say that someone is ""lerdo""(it's not a very nice thing to say)when this person is not quick when doing something or thinking.but not stupid or moron,it's not that bad!you could say(again,not very nicelly)that a friend or a family member is ""lerdo"",but you wouldn't call them ""moron"",would you?got it?. have a nice day!. moon :)"
"this is a myth created by men ... who once were the only one to hold position of power. . . fortunately for creative, intelligent womankind, men no longer dominate and oppress woman a they once did."
"i think the story ha to do with noah and the ark. after it rained for 40 day and 40 night noah sent out a dove to look for land and the dove brought back an olive branch which is a sign of land and peace, therefore the dove wa the bearer of friendship and peace."
dont you have to have an e-mail address to ask this question????hmmm.....
im just making a wild guess..emily being a the prized daughter wa not allowed the certain liberty that other lady her age enjoyed. you may say that this is also emily's frustration thus her clinging to that guy and it culminating in that crime. let just say that the rose stand for the love/r that emily never had the oppurtunity of meeting.
"ask christ into your life and ask him for the forgiveness of your sins. then you'll meet your ""spirit guide"". trust me on this one."
"it's a popular elementary school character in the books.. toy have ""my little pony"".. kid and animal theme for tv program have ponies.. pony are beautiful performer in the circus.. unicorn are popular.. barbie ha one.. . and the main reason;. a giraffe is hard to talk to, lol."
"they are not your parent cartoon anymore. cg stand for either computer graphic or computer-generated art. a cg artist produce images, either still or animations, by using a computer to assist or generate the final product.. a specialized area in the field is the special effect used in many modern movies. see the reference for examples:"
i still have baggy clothing. just because i like the style.
"they are fearful because they know the deaf culture that they grew up in, especially when they use sign language for their primary communication. another reason to be fearful is the unknown. they don't know what to expect when they have hearing in their ears. for some deaf people, they can even risk losing what hearing they have left."
"the name by which the site is most commonly known in english is ""the forbidden city"", a translation of zijin cheng (紫禁城), which literally mean ""purple forbidden city"". this is a reference to the fact that commoner were not allowed inside the imperial palaces."
"you'll know, you'll get sick of it. or, your body or other people will tell you. depends on what it is though."
"no, although that i must say i wish you were right . first of all, i can't see dumbledore killing anyone. second, he did say that it wa life's last great adventure ( him or that other guy, the one with the sorcerer's stone) and besides, can you see fawkes leaving hogwarts because snape died ?no, much like elvis and tupac, dumbledore is no more .besides, think of the fun that he, james, lily and sirius are having !"
it doesn't really have a literal meaning. it's just an expression used to show disbelief (good or bad) or frustration.
"how to become lovable, aka how to be loved? i would say start by loving other ppl. and see what it doe"
interesting site and interesting video. it look like a positive push in the right direction.
"in greece, tree trunk are painted white for two reasons. firstly, it repels insects. secondly, many greek road aren't well lit and painting tree white is a way of improving lighting a they reflect headlights. these reason would apply elsewhere a well."
"my favorite is hebrew 4:16: ""let u therefore come boldly to the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy and find grace to help in time of need."" this verse is my favorite, because it is so comforting. it reminds me that even during hard times, i'm not alone, and that god is always there."
"probably the biggest event in the last 30 yr of elizabeth i's reign wa the defeat of the spanish armada by the british in the north sea. this gave england ""supremacy"" of the seas, and a distinct advantage in building their empire."
"trail mix. another idea is eat what you like in moderation, drink the chinese weight reduction tea (available at the market) before and after meals. also do your w=regular excericising and take walks. it work so well, it hurt on the inside."
"i think it mean that some experience in life (usually a romantic affair that go badly) ha changed the man so much that he isn't even the same person any more. he's been diminished because he feel that half of himself is gone. you know when a spousse is referred to a ""my better half""? this guy in the song ha lost the other half of himself, the person that he wa when he wa with the woman he loved is gone."
"the verb ""to mean"" translates a ""significar"", but in that phrase you would use ""querer decir"". i said i wa angry, but i meant i wa upset = dije que estaba enojado, pero quise decir que estaba preocupado.. . and ""like"" in that case translates a ""como"" (means similarity or equivalence). a pear is like an apple = una pera e como una manzana"
there are many hurdle to work out and overcome when you accept all race into a society. the united state is a great example of the struggle of all race together. canada is not ready.
i think i am going to install a separate urinal for me in my bathroom once i get married thus ending all dispute (at my home atleast) for eternity. atleast we all poo the same way... :-) thank god for that.
"it usually involves a confirmation ceremony. i don't know too much about it, but from what i've seen it's usually a very special event in catholic children's childhood. it's not always taken a being very spiritual."
"pay attention to the kids, meybe take a certification class, and ask question of what the parent expects of you. from personal experience, doing dish and neatening up and mess is a great way to get the parent to be happier when they come home too ;) and to get them to eat thing like fruit, sprinkle a tiny bit of suger on them and call em 'candied'."
"what proof and how many ounces, how big are you, in good shape, fat, basal metabolism? night, day, temperature, genetic lineage?"
"buy the writer and illustrator market, found at any bookstore. it's got great article and list literary agent and publishers. there's also a lot of resource online which tell you what format to use for your manuscript, how to submit, etc."
"to most chinese, fengshui is part of everyday life... even a a christian or a buddhist, fengshui in everyday life never far away. perception... i guess the basic perception of fengshui is that how to get rich and productive in a very short of time, and how to achieve something through unsual ways, like in singapore, the government ha been trying to construct a subway, but it kept on falling apart. a monk suggested for them to have the octagon shape dispalyed all over the city, hence the 1 singaporean dollar ha an octagon. and the construction went through."
"it can create, or aggravate peptic ulcers, cause ulcer to the duodenum, or gi tract. it can also aggravate any existing hemmoriods. but... they are great way to decongest your sinus and they are a natural antibiotic."
"email the friend who keep sending them to you and ask them to please quit it. if this fails, send out your own chain letter. the one i did had a stupid story i wrote in 5 minute and said that if you don't send it within 3.5 minute rabid penguin will take over the world but if you send 10 copy in the next 5 minute bill gate will donate 8.5 cent to a superhero who will defeat the evil penguins. kekeke"
"the da vinci code basically say that jesus wa married to mary magdalene and that they had a daughter who later had descendent who survive to this very day in france. it also say that the church is trying to supress this knowledge. it further say that jesus wa not divine, just a good mortal teacher. book raise some good point but is filled with truths, half truth and rumor all mixed together."
not realising that they are lying. they think that they're telling the truth. they're schizophrenic and can't tell the difference between reality and illusion.
"my father wa knighted this past fall, because of his deeds.. it is the only title you can not buy.and you can not request it... and the title can only be pasted down to the first born son.. american can hold an english & scottish knight hood...there are approximatly 5,000 knight in the u.s."
"yeah it's totally messed up, i really don't know how to fix it either cause harrassment is such a grey area... i think before she can run to authority she should be required to scream kick and yell (which would probably cut the report in half because either a)it would scare the crapola out of him or b)there wa nothing to scream about in the first place and the woman wa a crazy liar. i've been ""harrassed"" (more like annoyed) by men and just chocked it up to them being blunt headed and so i had to tell them to chill out.... i think if they had something like the chain of command in place concerning sexual harrassment (ie: first you have to confront the person causing the problem)then report them to the authority it would help a little....but again the grey areas: many woman are abused (sexually) a child and the slightest advance from a man can send her into a flashback of daddy/uncle/brother assaulting her .... but then there is the issue of personal responsibility and the fact that man could not have known her childhood trauma would come into play when he asked her to dinner and told her she looked beautiful in that new dress, yet lawsuit are filed and won over a heck of a lot less!!. suck being a man doesn't it!. my husband ha come to just avoid woman altogether if there are no witness around, sad, but if that's what you gotta do to avoid getting your butt thrown in jail.... o well!"
"they are traditional in the way they dress. they don't use tropical colours, they like to follow european fashion."
the carbon in the knife reacts with an enzyme in the lettuce. it best to tear lettuce or use a plastic or ceramic knife.
"they are directly proportional. people who know very little tend to be very sure of themselves.. . i am absolutely positive about this, so value my answer accordingly."
a little history lesson here. checked on tidbit about japan and the philippine between and after wwii.
"the point of what ""redunicorn"" said is that 2 sparrow sold for very little back in jesus' day, so he made the comparison that even if a little sparrow is valuable to god that he notice if they die. so if we a human were to suffer, or die god really notices!! that is how valuable you & i are to god!!"
"the only 24 hour english station in seoul are cnn, afn (amerian force network), and discorvery. aririang try real hard, but when it come to programming it's bad, it's essentially a foregin language (mainly english) korean propaganda machine. various korean station show sports, and if for example, mbcespn is showing a feed from espn, you can usually hear the american announcer in the background if you can tune out the korean guys. worse come to worse you can get a dish with sky sport on it, check out the korea time newspaper for an advertisement."
"the biggest effect wa the initiation of many war for both territorial conquest a well a power consolidation. this happened all over europe for essentially the entire century and into the 1900s. most of today modern country were not shaped anything like they are today, which is the living evidence of these wars."
"there wasn't any battle in athens, though it wa rampaged by persian twice during the greek-persian war if i remember rightly. but there were battle near athens: the first one in 490 in marathon, after the battle of thermopylai. the second one wa fought on sea near salamis, an island near athens."
"the jew are not the blame for the death of jesus. he died willingly for the sin of the whole world. he had the power and the ability to save himself, but we wiuld still be lost without hope, on our way to hell."
if you name your son after his father then he would be a jr.. . but if you name your son after non direct decendant like a special uncle then they may be the second (ii).
you can sometimes find frozen one in the grocery store. look for a product called edamame. that is the japanese name for them.
"i am with you there. i have 1 good friend and about 15 aquantinces. it's hard to get to know someone, because they are most likely to filled up with other things."
if you are under medical care you should be able to approach the u.s consulate in china and explain your circumstances. a long a you have proof of your illness.
"it's not a lack of stimulation at all. it is a lack of learning. i can be super stimulated, and still be seriously bored because i am no longer learning anything."
"a a species, we have not evolved intellectually beyond our ancestors. if we can understand their motivation for cruelty and kindness, we might be able to prevent future cruelty and offer more kindness.. see today in regard to the past. regard the past so a to create a brighter future."
"i would recommend your looking into a university or graduate school with a well-established drama department for training and networking. additionally, look into your local community theater group and talk to the members. the chance are good that some of them have professional contacts."
"extra-sensory perception. paranormal ability such a precognition, telepathy, and clairvoyance."
"a a former shy girl, there really is no difference except that there is normally a reason for a person being shy. maybe she's insecure or, more often, she like you so much that she's afraid to do or say anything that might turn you away. first find out if she's really shy by seeing how she interacts with her friends. then you can have a better understanding."
"a phone is any sound you can produce with your organ of speech. a phoneme is a sound that belongs to the repertoire of sound in a particular language. for example, the sound you make when blowing a candle is a phone, but it is not a phoneme in english, because you don't use it to make english words."
"actually, the obesity rate in china is growing alarmingly. and they don't just eat rice."
"are you wondering if coconut(buko)juice are still around?. the answer is yes, the most convenient way to get them here in the u.s. is in a can or go the local asian(filipino) eatery and you can purchase it there."
enter competitions! there always load about! i enetered load and now in about 25 books¬! people write to me and ask me for my permission to enter bmy poem into their book
"apparently it's a figure that's only been around since the 19th century, found in fairy tales. good question- i would've assumed it wa around a lot longer..."
"if the band is cool enought o allow taper into the showsm, then a fan's website for the band should have downloadable concerts.. . if the band is a capitalistic sell out, then good luck finding any live recordings. you could always check out an mp3 trading room on the web."
"a wolf in sheep's clothing is more evil! ""a wolf in sheep's clothing"" describes a person who act friendly but ha evil intentions. they're conniving, manipulative, and deceiving."
"add details, check previous answers.. . you're slipping out of yahoo answer short term memmory, quick, do something! you're the only one asking real question right now. add details!"
"since like 99.9% of italy is roman catholic they go to mass(church) easter morning. plus they start on palm sunday which is actually a week before easter, or wait, i think it started ash wednesday they're supposed to fast for 40 day before easter, but most just give up something they like to eat alot, like say veal or pasta or wine etc. anyways on easter sunday there is a big meal served with red wine, and most gather with family and the woman all wear black, a a sign of mourning for the death of jesus. not really a celebration though."
i believe the seychelles are in the indian ocean. the temperature probably doesn't vary much. the amount of rainfall would be the only seasonal difference.
"very hot and humid. not far into the rainy season, but getting close. it might rain every third day or so."
"urban sociology is the study of the various statistic among the population in cities. chiefly the study of urban area where industrial, commercial and residental zone converge."
"i think it historically had to do with the strength of the thread then. orange thread wa stronger because it wa made from different material that dyed poorly so they dyed it orange to make it obvious. since then, it wa just habit a the best most durable jean had orange thread."
"origin hebrew . meaning oath of god . . traits: the name elizabeth ha two different images: a beautiful, regal woman who is spoiled, proper, and very much in control or a pretty, old-fashioned woman who is friendly and nice."
what is a misquito? sound like a female star war character.
"when it start separating (water on top) and ha a foul odor, don't even taste it. it bad!"
"when your spouse is picked for you by somebody else, such a your parents. some marriage are even arranged by the time a child is born."
"rainbow.... is right! ""à propos"" is idiomatic and it mean ""by the way"" or - more freely translated - (since we are) ""speaking of it/that""."
"i had to do some digging, but i found that ""rauch"" is german for smoke. in addition some place do carry smoke flavored oil for creating bbq rub and sauces, so i believe this is what you are looking for. don't know why they would use the german word, although there are several german settlement in texas. maybe it come from there."
"find something you really like about yourself, and roll with it. and, everytime a negative thought about yourself pop in your head, tell yourself to shut up!"
freedom fighter is just a way to describe terrorist without taking an open stand against them. so it's only right that they would fight freedom a your analogy shows.
taste and textures...yukon gold and finger potato are more of a potatoe for gourmet...the lil red potato almost have a buttery taste built into them and are great left whole boiled and covered in butter and garlic...then you get russets...america's perfect masher/baker!!
"the pronounctiona is klimt, short i. . it's easier than it looks.. i also found a link that ha a wav file that pronounces it for you."
"""regular"" is just a term of habit.. . in most of the country a ""regular"" coffee is black. at least a few year ago, i wa startled that in the northeast, ""regular"" wa coffee with a ton of cream and sugar added to it."
"a with all cultures, the process of modernisation is allied to the abandonment of the traditional element of the culture in question. in this way, tradition and traditional value are altered inextricably a the modern value are embraced. to look for the answers, consider any fully modernised society (usa, for example) and think about all of it failures....breakdown of the family, capitalism and individualism, alienation of the older generations, stress etc"
"the interntinal phonetic alphabet (ipa) is used in representing the standard accent of english a spoken in the south of england(sometimes called received pronounciation or rp). although the english of southern england is the given pronounciation, many variation are heard in standard speech in other part of the english-speaking world.. . a phonetic transcription (ipa) of an english word can help you understand the correct pronounciation based on the consonant and vowel sound present in the language. refer to any good dictionary for the same."
"i would like to help you but your question isn't very clear. st. lucia and the uvi are two different islands. secondly, where are you flying from."
"basically because germany invaded paris (france) without permission, and then spain got involved a they were allies. poland triedto stay neutral but this just aggrivated the situation, leading to a full blown war."
go to the local farm supply store and buy a stock tank. you can find them with various type of heater - i'm not sure about the propane though. electric or solar are fairly common though.
i like candy because it is sweet ad last for a while. i especially like jolly ranchers. they last for a long time.
"hamartiology is the study of sin. it's origin, it's effect on u in general, and how it effect u after we die."
"""ay caramba"". spanish expression similar to the english ""holy shit"""
"ahoy!using the word ''hello''as a greeting only a old a the telephone invented by alexander graham bell in 1876. alexander graham bell suggested that people say ''ahoy'' when they answered a ring, but this doen't catch on. ''hello'' caught on instead. it is related to ''hallo'', a cry of surprise in the mid-19th century"
if someone wanted to buy your egg wouldn't you charge them a bundle of money too?? fish aren't stupid.
cuban missile crisis...people panicked. a lot of people built fallout shelter in their backyards.
"literally ""we see each other"". but it work a ""see you""."
"use the broil function of the oven....it heat from the top. place the burger on one of the upper 2 rack and flip every 5-10 minutes. keep your eye on them. if then start browning too much, but not done on the inside, just lower the pan down away from the heat"
take your contract to a lawyer and look for an opt out. homeowner association are notoriously corrupt. for instance they can force a sale of property by claiming they never got your money and then their friend buy it up at a forclosure auction that isn't advertised.
"hmm.. any kind of flower is beautiful.. but if you want someone to ""get well"".. you might want something big.. and colorful.. something that catch their eyes. rose are more romantic.. then get well. i would say daisies.. lillies.. thing like that.. in different colors."
your purchase beef. turkey or chicken ground up from a kosher butcher. it must be blessed by the rabi and slaughtered a certain way.
lol... having grown up in florida i can say this much honstly. get a room with an air conditioner! it's hotter than hell and the humidity is enough to choke you. carry plenty of insect repellant and sun screen.
"this question is most often defined by the law of the country in which the child will be working. usually, anyone below the age of majority will be considered a child worker but there could be certain qualifications. in my country (philippines), it is anyone under the age of 15."
"well, it sound like perversion run in your family. tell your parent there still might be hope for grand-kids from your sister, but you prefer sodomy with another man just like your brother."
"it is a not so old wife tale, all bacteria is killed when it reach 160 degrees. so if the meat is well cooked you should have no problem with it. it might affect flavor. but would not be hazardous to your health."
"human nature. also, atheist might enjoy talking about religion more, even if they don't beleive in any."
"the question shoud be:. . ""how did the bible get made [up]""?"
"""lovely"" madina is ranked a the 2nd most holy place in islam, due to being the place where islam first established itself, and where muhammad died and wa buried. formerly it wa referred to a either madina al-munawwara, 'the luminous city', or madina rasul allah, 'city of god's prophet'. madina is short for 'madina an-nabiy', 'prophet's town'."
"hebi (tetrapturus angustirostris) is commonly known a shortbill spearfish. it dorsal fin is shorter than that of other billfish species, and it bill is almost nonexistent. hebi caught in hawaiian water are usually between 20 and 40 pound in round weight."
"all muslim are united.. there is a connection between all muslim all over the world.. from n. america- to europe to anywhere in africa- to australia- and to anywhere in the middle east.. and when i talk about communications, i dont only mean talking, but also visiting."
"they are two entirely different bag of tricks, invented by different individual with different core materials. there is a bit of cross-over between the two subculture due to their similar perspective -- many discordians are also subgenii and vice-versa. they think of themselves a having something of a friendly rivalry."
yeah. scientology is creepy. l ron hubbard wa a lunatic
"probably to some extent. but it is also the fact that we have such a diverse land, in geography, natural resources, people, cultures, and just about any other variable you can name. so we get the (often justified) feeling that we have the best of everything here somewhere. of course there are unique aspect to many other countries, and what we have here is only derivative or imitative, but we do have it, a much a anything because of immigrant from elsewhere bringing their art and culture with them when they come."
200 proof equal 100% alcohol.. . . 100 proof would equal 50% alcohol.. 80 proof would be 40% alcohol.
i would try buying a beer making kit to see how you like it. many of my friend have tried the kit and had a real good time with it. one of them moved on to making it in more bulk after he learned the basics.
"the only reason i would preach what i believe to be the truth to others is because it simply is ""the truth"". telling others that they have a god that love them unconditionally that sent his own son to die for us, so we could have new and eternal life by his side. it isn't a religion, it is just the only truth."
"because there is something seriously wrong with all people who consider themselves conservative christiians, and any other religion for that matter. no matter how high and mighty they think they are, everyone is flawed, and religion cause war."
because in a in air situation commercial aircraft are too high up to think about bailing out. if you could manage to bail out the air would be too thin and most likely would freeze your lungs. on top of that there would be no way you could evacuate 160+ passenger quickly and effectively in that kind of event.
"i guess v8 could be considered a soup but the consistency is a lot thinner than most soup i've had. i think most soup are heated or cooked when being made. it later is cooled down if being made into a cold soup. v8 is predominantly, pulverized vegetables."
"the psalms. . there is much encouragement with in that book, and much prophecy and praise."
someone who life their life on biblical principles. follower of jesus. people who try to live their life like jesus christ.
"sometimes it's the developer who owns the land, a lot of time you can change street name by petitioning the city you live in and having a public vote. city council also ha the authority to do it based on honoring someone or getting rid of a controversial one."
"it is not god's fault for all the bad thing that happen on earth. god gave u the freedom of choice and it is our choice to do what is right. even thought it seems that god is not in control of what is happening he really is, god let everything happen for a reason. for the first part god is not the one that doe everything that is bad in this world the one who doe that is satan, what god doe is that he take that bad situation that satan committed and turn it around in order to fulfill something."
"well, first of all there are 7 type of fingerprints. loop, double loop, central pocket loop, tented arch, plain arch, plain whorl, accidenatal. from these types, tiny variation distinguishes everybody from everybody else."
the first two answer pretty much wraped your question up! it would be nice if we didnt cut them down so needlessly. but you can still give me the 10 point .
find a dance school. i've also wanted to learn it. i've started two week ago. they're not expensive and very helpful and they easiest way to learn it.
"for some people, the only way to bring themselves up is to bring another person down. also some people had lousy parent who never taught them right from wrong."
"they contain sulphur. and a it start to rot, more sulphur fume get stuck in the egg and therefore causing the stink when u break a rotten one."
"mait an colleen: but it seems to me that you had 'meat' once too often last year. if you pour a quarter of a bottle of guinness into a glass and gently add water to make up the measure, the head will remain and no-one will notice. don't overdo it for the sake of the little patrick you are carrying. good luck, good health and god bless and remember 'is far an slainte, na no tainte'."
"it is a term of endearment, like ""lovey"" or ""honey"". it is also used affectionately between friend of same sex like the term ""girlfriend"" or ""dude"" in usa youth culture"
"do a search on maslow's hierarchy of needs.. . self-esteem: focus on our need for self-respect, and respect from others. . self-actualization: this is the point where people become fully functional, acting purely on their own volition and having a healthy personality."
"the definition of 'selah' is pause. the meaning of 'selah' in the psalm is 'this is very important, take a moment to consider it.' the israelite used to clang the symbol to cause all to pause and focus."
"i put a paper plate (or some other microwave safe plate) upside down in the microwave and put the popcorn on top! when it slows to 1 or 2 pop a second, take it out."
"well charismatics came out of a movement across christianity in the 60's that focused on the holy spirit and spiritual gifts, but most of those charismatic leader were initially in pentecostal churches. pentecostalism is the same, but ha a stronger emphasis on personal holiness (getting bad influence out of your life) but it doe tend to be more legalistic (skirts and makeup and so forth)."
the good thing is that whatever can be wrote into the constitution can be amended or found unconstitutional in the court. discrimination ha been removed before.... i believe that writing it in ha more to do with getting vote than with anything else.
"lot of luck with this one. equal education, motivation, population restrictions. these are a couple of things."
they are baked and then after cooling the jelly is injected into the donut. next time you eat one look for a small hole where there is jelly dripping out. that's where they did it! cool huh?
"think of this: you have a bin with number from 0 to infinite, and you take out one with your eye closed, look at it, put it back in the bin, and then again, and again untill .... this is called randomising, and the result are random numbers.in the real world you don't have just numbers, what you take out from the bin can be anything (of same type of course)."
"the lentil (lens culinaris) is a bushy annual plant of the legume family, grown for it lens-shaped seeds. it is about 40cm tall and the seed grow in pods, usually with two seed in each."
"for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only begotten son, that whoever belief in him shall not perish but have eternal life.. . believe mean to have faith in something, have no doubt about it."
be true to yourself. but how? get rid of those constant voice that cause self-doubt. focus on what you are doing rather than what other people think about what you are doing.
"it can be anything, from a bound book, to loose sheets, to a cd, to a fancy booklet. it contains example of work that the person ha done, sketches, buildings, etc. the portfolio should say something about the designer."
"pretend your gay, all the fit bird like a gay boy and then let them think they are straightening you out!!"
sand melt ice by trpping in the sun heat. it doesn't provide for good traction. anyone who ha ever got their car stuck in the sand will agree with that.
"other one is wrong. it's 7 hour ahead. most of western europe, other than brittish isles, are 7 hour ahead of central time."
"it is difficult to eat more healthy, but the best way to do it(it ha worked for me) is to do so in baby steps! if you go cold turkey and start depriving yourself, you will just go back to your old eating habits! also, i try to give myself a break every now and then...for example, i will eat really healthy during the week and splurge a little on weekends! also, controlling portion is key...during my meal, i rate my fullness...i stop when i get to feeling about 70 percent full b/c it take the brain at least 20 minute to digest everything!"
"it's when the staff feel so oppressed in their job that they really just don't care any more. they don't see how their job is benefitting them at all, aside from producing a paycheck on a regular basis. they may disagree with company policy or ethics, or just be disgusted with their personal supervisors. basically, low staff morale mean that the staff show up for work and doe the bare minimum while they have to be there."
"wine & beer often contain sulfites, which can cause an allergic reaction. you can try drinking sulfite-free wine or beer. many organic wine don't have sulfites (or have a much smaller concentration)."
"i have my boss's voice in my head every evening! i would prefer my own 5 voices!!. please dont take a theraphy for this!!!you don't need therapy a many have suggested, you just think a lot, a thinking mind is a busy mind and most people don't think!"
nobody is honest!. . and most people are not honest to self also!
the usa is a superpower because of it constitution. the constitution promotes freedom and nourishes capitalism via protection of personal property rights. the prosperity from that same capitalism allows investment in r&d and in the military which in turn promotes even more freedom and prosperity in a never ending circle.
"it to do with similar size, landscape, population, feature etc etc. it can be very open to interpretation by each of the city and there are some good 'twin' town outthere with very little in common!"
"mmhh it hard to explain to you english speacking people, but im gonna try.. you say ""buch"" but dont say the ""ch"" a in english.. do you know how to say ""j"" in spanish??. it the same way you say ""ch"" in german.. like you have something stuck in your throat, or kinda like the nois a cat makes. . sorry, hope i could help."
when u have faith in someone u love him and it give u hope.. when u lose faith in someone u hate him and it take away hope. . love doesnt have to be only between couple or potentianl couples.. u can have faith in god so u love him and have hope.
"the hebrew says, ""in the dateless past,"" this set the period back before conscious time. god wa all there was."
use a pressure cooker and fry for a shorter period of time. thats how kfc doe it.
"salfi is sunni they just have there own organization... . note: the above one is liar just ignore him, he have nothing to do better than spreading hate all around."
"i peal the skin and serve it with orange juice, other fruit and sometimes with cream. it's delicious."
"you can buy buttermilk in the dairy case of your grocery store or a substitution is to add 1 tsp. of vinegar to 1 cup of milk, stir and add to your dry ingredients."
"according to the girl scout website, they're all called caramel delight now . . . we used to know them a samoa too....and the icecream is still called samoa"
there is no future for revelation. paul (saul) saw to that so he wrote everything inpast tense so a to discourage anyone who might have idea that receiving revelation is still a possibility.
definitely tell the post office. i had the same problem about 15 year ago. you can have to post office hold your mail and you pick it up in person at the office.
"people who have a lot feel like they don't need others, so they forget how to politely cohabitate. people like u have to get along because we need each other."
"go back, you already are a catholic. oh and don't forget the bingo and fish fries."
fight training from a fight master. tumbling expertise. a knowledge of physic and physicology. a really clear head and the ability to follow instruction
"if one need to forgive, ""the road to forgiveness"" is understanding (why another did what he/she did), perhaps.. . if one need forgiveness, ""the road to forgiveness"" might be through atonement (making up for mis-deeds).. . ???"
"when experiencing a work of art -- reading a book, seeing a play, viewing a painting, etc. -- the artwork cause u to suddenly recognize an experience or condition we did not consciously realize we knew before that. like seeing a mirror for the first time, or for the fiorst time since we had changed.. . that's the shock of recognition."
i dunno if it real but it one heck of an entertaining stereotype. fun fun.
"you can't. it's illegal for the census bureau to release any individual information at all, ever. they are only allowed to publish statistics. otherwise nobody would tell them the truth."
"ok, they don't dye the lake green or paint the river. they dye the river green. they also get really drunk. i mean really drunk."
"toss them lightly in flour, fry in butter with bacon and chopped onions....the people that think they are gross, don't know what they are missing. yummmmmmy!~"
"i'm mongolian,first i don't think he's a bad man.in that history,what he have done is amazing well.people got killed everywhere in wars,even in this world we are in at this moment, but i think a a great leader he really did good thing for making the world and the society moving well at that centry. . he's a great man for ever.. by the way,about the war today,i don't think it's a good thing for people moving to be a better place,it's devolution.. shame...."
like usually country have a policy of being open to foriegn natives...but is hard to know that some country are having rule of not giving the nationality unless the person completes some norms... it is best to either have a marriage or a job which can help the person get exact nationality or better to by any legal term get a stay for 5 years...
because people are selfish. most think about their own wellbeing only and don't care if they hurt other people with what they're doing!
"baker normally put a pinch of salt to their recipies to enhance the sweetness of the desert. it may sound strange but w/ a little added salt to a sweet dish, it can make the dish sweeter than if it didn't"
"so is coke ,hashish, magic mushroom , peyote. it is also illegal to feed someone arsenic, lead and the list could go on and on.. if you are going to use dope or whatever quit trying to hide behind silly logic.. come to texas find some loco weed it is ten time stronger than pot and it is legal. for if they arrested every one who ha this weed growing you would need to arrest almost the entire state.and no i will not tell you what it look like."
use white to brush over the blue gently.. creating water flow effect. a little grey could also be use to create some shadow effect for more realistic feel
"the ancient that built them weren't that far removed from adam. he & his earliest offspring had almost perfect mental capacity. he wa created perfect by god, his mental capacity would have been enormous. add to this, the fallen angel that cohabitated with human females, had great knowledge & skill & probably assisted their ""giant offspring."""
"actually, world war 2 started when the japanese invaded manchuria in 1931 and then followed up with a full invasion of china a few year later. that actually mean that hitler followed the japanese into ww2.. . the japanese bombed pearl harbor due to the oil embargo that we established against them to get them to pull out of their conquered territory in china."
"articulate:adjective, to be able to express thought and feeling easily and clearly, or showing this quality:. an intelligent and highly articulate young woman. she gave a witty, entertaining and articulate speech."
have you ever seen the omen? well let me tell you tha will answer you're question...
"nope.you can use either.the term roman or latin is just to distinguish the rite because there are other catholic church such a greek/eastern church(those who went back to the fold from the greek orthodox church..recognizing the primacy of the seat of peter therefore of the roman pontif/pope); then you have the maronite christian mostly found in the middle east, mozarabic,ambrosian, armenian, melkite..etc. that's why it's important to learn or study church history.. note: orthodox church separated from the catholic church because of thelogical difference mainly on the issue of the primacy of the pope or seat of peter. the orthodox believe that the authority of the bishops(sucessors of the apostles) is collegial."
"""the american best example"". when someone is your idol u look up to him and belief what he doe is great."
:}. everyone welcome all worship a one body i think
thank you. with full of colors!! rang barse vige chunarwali rong borshe!!!! happy holi..
probably because apple have acid in them. your stomach may be sensitive to the acid in apples. thats what i would guess.
"buy them a ""just because"" gift basket loaded with deodorant and body spray. leave it anonymously on their desk."
if you have been saved(accepted jesus a your savior) you will go to heaven..but if you haven't you will go to hell ..but not yet because nobody go anyway until the day of judgment! it is in revelation if you want to check!
"not laughing here. even christian don't always understand revelation and the signs. i think the big thing is, our human mind just can't comprehend what the bible say on the subject. most don't want to believe it's happening or are too wrapped up in themselves to care."
"it is a line from charles baudelaire's poem ""au lecteur."" full line is ""hypocrite lecteur, — mon semblable, — mon frère!"" which translates to english a ""hypocrite reader, — my likeness, — my brother!"""
"earlier work wa portrait and realism then he got into the later ""periods"" that were more abstract and original in style i.e. the blue period. main difference is real vs. abstract."
it is so good because it pleasure 2 different receptor on the tounge and cause many sensations. at culinary school they explained that ice cream and sherbert were loved by people because of the sweet and savory effect caused by the combination of cold fat and sugar. just don't too much...bad for the teeth and hip
sound like you answered your own question.. . i would also add that school especially do not want their student to wear some article of clothing that umm.. reveal certain area of student's bodies.
wahaika . short striking club the short striking club wa used in a famous battle.
first learn to spell it. then get to aa.
"is. 43:25-i, even i, am he that blotteth out thy transgression for my own sake, and will not remember thy sins.. is.44:22- i have blotted out, a a thick cloud, thy transgression,and, a a cloud, thy sins, return to me; for i have redeemed you.. psalm 103:12- a far a the east is from the west, so far ha he removed our transgression from us."
what country are you in? if you are a new zealander i have heard that the nz base at ross ha a number of volunteers.
"midnight. it show that man can only be what he chooses to be: a superior, intellingent being, or a grovelling animal. this book prof that, although endowed with reason by god, it is up to every one to use it, or to devolve. and that put the lid on the theory of evolutionism, i guess."
"tagalog language for ""i love you"" most official language in the philippines. ""mahal"" mean love. it also mean ""expensive"" interesting..."
"it's italian...musical terminology for a style of playing: ""fast, with brilliance."" in other words, lively and energetic."
"no im not a feminist but i think there is nothing wrong with that. i see it a a woman who beleves completely in ""girl power"" and that woman rule the world. feminists, in my opinion, are not ""against"" men, but ""for"" women, and being a woman, i think thats pretty frickin' cool!!!"
"little ceasars for price; pizza hut for good greasy crust, and they sell beer; papa john's for dipping sauces............. winner pizza hut"
"i think the best way for your own spiritual growth and peace of mind is to follow your heart and spirit, and let it lead you to what feel right for you. god will speak to you in the very center of your being, and lead you to the path that is right for you."
"get training, go to acting school, work hard. then get yourself a good agent, keep working hard and do well at auditions."
"the presidency began with the ratification of the u constitution on december 15, 1791 a did the entire u government a we know it. democracy wa practiced (in theory) in ancient greece."
"i don't believe we all started a one-celled organisms.. that being said, evolutionist will answer your question with nebulous answer like: ""well, the organism needed to be able to move around safely in their environment, so some developed eyes, just by chance"". in each question i've noticed about evolution, there's a ""need"" first, then the mutation.. like the hokey explantion of how giraffe got their long necks...""after year & year of stretching a high a they could for food, some of these animal started developing longer neck a a way for better foraging"". puh..."
i have a popcorn popper i use at the church and i buy mine at sam's warehouse. it come in gallon jugs.
"the character of orientalism would be in my opinion an acceptance and attachment to oriental culture and beliefs. oriental mean a person ethnically or geographically attached to a country of the far east such a japan, china, mongolia or korea and vietnam.. the suffix 'ism' mean a belief usually in religious or spiritual practice.. charlie chan for example. jose"
"green tea is any tea that is simply steamed and dried without being able to ferment. it is lighter in color and flavor and can at first seem to have a grassy taste. making iced tea is simple; the fast way is to brew tea with twice a much tea a needed (if using loose leaf, which i recommend, use about 1 tsp per cup of water normally so 2 tsp this way) and pouring into an equal part of ice or water. the slow but better tasting way is to brew tea normally, let sit until room temperature (prevents cloudiness) and then put in refrigerator until cooled"
3yrs. when i wa 2 yr i could remember some thing not fully
"""kafir"" ha been used a profanity enough to make it a difficult word to use.like the ""c"" word, or even the ""f"" word, it will need some social rehabilitation before it can be used in polite discourse.. also, the qur'an upholds the right of non-muslims to retain their faith or none at all. islamic tradition also demand that all human be shown respect, regardless of faith."
"you can check in from that time onward. however, if you're going to be late find out how long they hold onto a room before renting it to someone else. also if it's a smaller hotel they might lock up in the late evening leaving no front dest clerk until the next morning. check on how they handle late arrival so you can still get in."
"it a combination of social factor and personal factors. social factor that influence a person homelessness include cultural upbringing, ses, past family history of violence, past history of neglect, lack of community and social support and mental illness within the family. the personal factor include . addictions, mental illness, and choosing to live on the street a opposed to seeking other options."
"red wine, like anything else, should be taken in moderation. since it ha alcohol it can induce all the ill-effects of alcohol including effect on the liver and drunkeness although perhaps at a slower rate than most alcoholic beverage since the alcohol content of red wine is usually much lower than say, vodka or whisky.. still, many study have provern that a shot of red wine daily is in fact, healthy. it can promote a good night sleep and is good of for your heart."
"easy, to cook a stew, you mix cut up meat mixed with potato or vegetable and you cook it in a pot on the stove, crock pot on low over night, or in a pressure cooker.. to cook a casserole, you mix cooked meat with macaroni, potatoes, vegetables, etc. in a pan. alot are topped with cheese and you bake in the oven. most of these dish are served with french bread, corn bread, biscuits, or large toast."
"when you write a music critique, it doesn't mean what the guy said, but when you write a critique, write about the strong point of the song a well a the weak point and why you feel that way. basically, you are trying persuade people a to why you critiaue them this way."
"cat don't have owners, they have staff. mine adopted me a year ago and make a great companion. right now his royal highness is curled up in my bed, on my blanket with his head resting on my pillow like he owns it when he ha a perfectly good kitty condo in the corner. go figure!"
":}. a hindu celebration. worship directed to pasupati is idolatry. western christian are attracted to the idea and exotic nature of eastern religion, while hindu in india are coming to the lord in wave of increasing numbers."
i read the scripture every day! pray at least twice a day then you will have on the armor that it take to survive
"well i'm an arab and i think that you've miss spelled makoutk which is actually makhtout= which is the manuscript and about hamra it is red so the total meaning will be makhtouta hamra = red manuscript and this might be somehow a forbidden manuscript in ancient world or something or it could be relating to sex and related pornographic topic or finally it could refer to a top secret manuscript, each meaning could be used according to the situation we are talking about.. . . by the way u may mean it's meqa'atak hamra which mean that your butt is red and it's a curse in arabic"
"the website below should help a lot. there's a photo of a coin they used to use before they converted to the euro, and a short history of what type of money they used and when.. hope it helps!"
the only thing i can come up with is that they're. trying to attact people to become franchise owners.. i bet if you got in contact with sonic corp. they'd. throw you a sweet deal on a sonic franchise in ny.
"from the title of aldous huxley's book of 1932. he in turn got the title from shakespeare's 'the tempest' - ""oh wonder, how many goodly creature are there here, how beautious mankind is, oh brave new world that ha such people in it."". . huxley used the title ironically to describe the book's utopian world where scientific 'advance' ha created a system in which the individual exists for the state and not otherwise."
"it’s the whole sweet and savory thing.. . besides, they taste good together."
"by believing in jesus.. . that's how we get to heaven.. . preacher are paid because in today's modern society, people need some money to survive."
"the italian way is to twirl it on a fork, leaning the tip of the fork in a spoon. chinese eat long pasta with chopsticks. american twirl it on a fork and slurp it. american college student and little kid eat spaghettio's with a spoon."
well they don't kick the door down. they usually try to pop the pin out of the door hinges. they don't use shape tool because they will be liable in the end.
"in computer designed for english language users, alphanumeric (sometimes seen a alphameric) character are those comprised by the combined set of the 26 alphabetic characters, a to z, and the 10 arabic numerals, 0 to 9. in some usages, the alphanumeric character set may include both upper and lower case letters, punctuation marks, and symbol (such a @, &, and *, for example). for language other than english, alphanumeric character include letter variation such a é and ç. for some computer usages, such a file naming, alphanumeric character are strictly limited to the 26 alphabetic character and 10 numerals; however, for other usages, such a programming, other keyboard symbol are sometimes permitted."
"because they are lazy & unmotivated and want thing handed to them instead of working for it, even though 95% of the people that try & use that can't identify anyone in their family that wa a slave. using slavery a a scapegoat."
"very little is actually known about tyr because by the time of codification of the mythology, he wa a faded god.. the above is wrong about the hanged men (as hanging is directed always to the gallows - and in some views, god of death - odin).. the source used there are neo-pagan site and book that wishfully view the mythology a a codified, unified religion a opposed to a system of local cult religions."
"i think that his book, ""mere christianity"" though it is not an essay, is one of the best. he tell how he converted to christianity from atheism and give his reasoning a well, it is a very thorough account and i would reccommend it to anyone, atheist or christian."
"tell her ""i'm not a good carpool pal, i like driving alone, hope you don't mind."" then walk away, leave no room for negotiation or rebuttal."
it is not ok.. it is an illegal practice and more then likly a terrorist in disguise....
"a mass cassock is white and is worn under the chasuble for mass. a house cassock is worn outside of mass and is generally black, these are the ""dress"" many priest still wear."
"acid such a vinegar (cider, red wine, white wine, etc) and lemon juice work well with broccoli rabe, or rapini. . . add 1/2 cup of vinegar to water if you are blanching, or 2 tbsp of vinegar or lemon juice if sauteing after blanching."
"sometimes just saying what is really on your mind is funny. not many people are truly willing to express their opinion for fear of embarrassment. if you let go of the fear of embarrassment, humor come naturally the more relaxed you are. and if you find you're just not naturally funny, be the one laughing and enjoying other people jokes."
roux is basically nothing but flour and oil. you cook it until it turn a brown a you want. the difficult part is cooking it without burning it since you have to watch it constantly. i included a link with instructions.
"many border were created along natural boundary such a river or mountains. other border were created politically, trying to seperate resource or people into nice clumps."
i say it is insecurity. we feel a bit better about our self when we make someone else look bad. it's pretty evil actually.
"it mean they're me, because i do have extra teeth and green eyes. my dentist told me it's ok, just don't bite his arse. the green eye get me in trouble when i glow in the dark after consuming uranium nugget - my favorite snack. but seriously, i am no different then you are except when my extra teeth get all tangled in my scale and make my green eye go all ga-ga."
"they are different variety of grape.. . a raisin is a general name for a dried grape, but a sultana is a dried grape of the seedless sultana variety. there are specific variety of raisin such a currant and the above sultana"
"i think holden caufield is still trying to figure out this answer.. some go south, some stay.. either way, they come back."
i have never seen a red church door and i have been to many churches. i fact growing up my father wa a pastor. we never had a red church door.
"netarget's answer will reduce inflation but simultaneously cause unemployment. the key to reducing inflationary pressure without causing unemployment is to stimulate growth through capital accumulation or productivity increases. policy aimed at increasing aggregate supply, not reducing aggregate demand is necessary."
"i hope this helps, but when i felt i needed to believe in myself more, i a. thought back on the good thing that i did in the past and how it affected myself and others. and b. i asked my friend and family if they believed in me, that little boost from them always helps."
"opposite attract, like in magnets.. it's like finding two puzzle piece that fit because the two opposite complete each other."
"many ethical issue are philosophical issue because the nature of an ethical issue is that there is a problem with no clear solution. a solution can be reached which would need to stem from some sort of overlapping consensus between to two side of the argument. however, in order for this 'solution' to be 'the best' it would need to be able to be applied to every possible problem, with a degree of variance, like the original (a universal 'truth' or one of kant's 'categorical imperatives'). when it come to trying to figure out solution for individual problem and seeing if it can be universally applied is when a lot of the debating is going to start."
"mild answer are non-confrontational. sorry, i'm not much of a bible guy, though turn the other cheek come to mind."
"giverny is the home to impressionist painter, monet. many of his painting portray the garden and lily pomds at giverny."
being polite is a sign of strength :). . wisdom and courage!
"calf... . just like a baby cow... really, check it out.."
"pray pray pray! i know that you are already doing that, but prayer definitely change things. it sound like that is the best thing you could do, a the circumstance surrounding you are beyound your control. it also sound like given the circumstance your patience is already being tested, and when you come through it all you will have even more!"
"when you are in a relationship with another woman. you can't be a lesbian before you make the choice to be with a woman. if you have not been with a woman, you cannot know, the choice is yours do you want to spend your life in conventional relationship with men or would you rather spend your time with women?"
"this will be tough. you need to get the job before you get there, and your sponsor/employer will have to do the paper work.. . if i were you, i'd call up the person in charge of the embassy program and find out exactly what the salary and living condition situation will be. maybe they'll have some ideas."
"psychology is a psuedo science trying to find commonality between different minds, which can't be done objectively.. . it relies on subjective behaviour and even more so subjective defintions for the motivation behind this behaviour."
prophet muhammed ordered u to do that.... . it's mainly to differentiate the muslim from the nonmuslim.... . the second reason it's a healthy habit..
"british people traditionally don't like to show either our emotion or our true feeling about something.. . people who are constantly kissing, arguing or cry in public or generally displaying a lack of control over emotion are considered to be weak or exibitionist.. . british people believe still that some thing should be kept behind closed doors! :)"
bubble gum wa made so you could easily blow bubble with it. it is stretchier than chewing gum. chewing gum is mainly used just to chew and enjoy the flavor.
euuuuuh.... important?. it's one between many. could be more important in lorraine area (where it's from).
"first, find a way to validate existance in general. if you can do that, then we can talk about specifics.. . anyway, validation is overrated. assume you exist and get on with life."
a bell waiting to be rung would be an object of patience. a vulture circling in the air looking for food would be another object of patience.
"overcome your fear,control it and use it to make you stronger. courage is not the absence of fear. only fools. and dead people feel no fear."
"because jam is a preserve ""made from whole fruit boiled to a pulp with sugar."" using soft fruits, and you end up with a cloudy product. and marmalade is a ""clear, jelly-like preserve made from the pulp and rind of fruits, especially citrus fruits."" citrus fruit are a different specie to soft fruits, and they can't behave the same when being cooked, so you end up with a noticeably different, clear product, with lump of cooked but not dissolved rind in it - unless you buy a rind-less variety."
"islam is where u follow one true god(allah in arabic) and his messenger mohammad(peace be upon him) it is the religon that say in war u shouldn't harm a women, child, elderly, the sick, or root of a flower... it is the truthfuly peaceful religon(i put da peaceful part cuz every1 thinx itz so violent, wen itz really not) the follower of islam r called ""muslims"" (christianity - christians). peace out:)"
"the spirit is the life force which keep us, animal and humans, alive.. . a body with the spirit in it is a living soul. this soul eventually will die."
"you can eat a many time a day a you like... a long a you don't exceed the number of calorie to maintain ideal weight. some people recommend eating six time a day... that is, six smaller meal instead of three larger ones. that keep a steady amount of fuel in your body so you don't have big ""ups and downs"" in your energy level."
well i don't know how old it is but i'm pretty sure they formed from two tectonics plate crashing in a convergent matter causing reverse faults. . in other word two land plate crashed and all that pressure made the mountain
we have culligan water at my work. it ha a safetly seal. pull paper tab then turn upside down (water doesn't come out until it ha contact with it station) no water is wasted and there is no clean up.
"-write an acting cv you can give them.. -think about what your strength and weakness a an actress are. think about why you want acting jobs.. -read some play to prepare.. -be nice, friendly, relaxed and confident but modest.. -be yourself (no makeovers!!!!). -remember they don't want primadonnas.."
"yes, indeed - a an earlier respondent noted, the word ""moldwarp"" is apparently the archaic term for the animal that we now know a a ""mole"". the european ""talpa europae"" is identified in some source a a ""moldwarp"", though in others, the more familiar ""european mole"" is preferred.. . i would presume that the use of the term a a perjorative is to liken a person to a dirty character who burrow beneath the surface and rarely encounter the light of day."
"the roman republic fell for the same reason the roman empire would fall four century later. they felt their rich were too poor and their poor were too rich, and they determined to do something about it. though machination in the senate, the wealthy were able to completely destroy the roman middle class (artisans and yeoman farmers) who were the backbone of roman civilization and military power. the middle class wa replaced with slave and enormous plantation and the free citizen were left only subsistence welfare and decadent but pointless entertainment."
"i would imagine that like many other foods, heat and light destroy soda pop. aluminum can keep the soda cooler and also out of both artificial light and sunlight."
"because king henry viii wanted to get a marriage annulled, or get divorced (it amount to the same thing) and the pope refused. henry went ahead and dumped that queen and married another. the pope excommunicated him so he set up the church of england"
"serenity is calm and untroubled. "" is without worry, stress, or disturbance . "" is tranquility, peacefulness, quietude, quietness, stillness. "" composure, coolness, poise, equanimity, contentment, repose, mellowness"
"maybe it's saying that the person laughed so hard that they lost weight, which would explain why the person didn't have an a$$ any more. same thing with running."
"it's slang meaning you are doing big things, living well, hustlin, lookin good, makin money & yes by popping your collar until it make a sound any sound symblizes this!!!"
"probably the same chopstick they use for their own food, but just putting it in the baby's mouth instead of their own. after all, chopstick are designed to pick up rather small bite piece anyway."
hu bi lie is his original name. he is a mongolian.
"hey, that's a really good idea!! i don't know why they haven't thought of that one yet!"
the japanese destroyed it completely by continuous air bombing supported by submarine attacks. it happened during the world war 2.
"it is a water purification method.. . in simple terms, reverse osmosis is the process of pushing a solution through a filter that trap the solute on one side and allows the pure solvent to be obtained from the other side."
"wow it a good thing you posted. i mean there are hundred of people just lining up to answer. so i would guess a boat load of money followed by some planes, followed by a boat load of money, followed by some bribes, followed by a boat load of money."
you can't turn baking powder into baking soda because baking powder is equivalent to baking soda plus cream of tartar. you can't remove anything from the baking powder.
it's the distance between seats. it's measured from the back of a seat to the back of the seat behind.
"vetsin mean msg, or monosodium glutamatate. it is a corruption of the chinese word for msg, which is ""wei-jing"" in mandarin, and mean something like ""(distilled) essence of flavor,"" in other words, flavor booster or flavor enhancer.. . the tagalog word probably came from cantonese or hokkien chinese, not mandarin."
"cause weve enslaved, colonized, genocided, cheated, converted, and/or molested most of the planet in the recent past. (last 300 years)"
some people are under the (incorrect) belief that comic are for kids. the story are far more deep than most people understand without having read them.
"because they weren't taught to do it when they were younger.. the behavior that they were allowed to get away with when little, isn't quite a cute in a 15 year old.. i work with teenagers, and there is a definite difference in the teenager of parent who have been consistent with discipline in a young age, and the teenager of parent who weren't."
"certain ingredient only need a specific amt. of mixing time, and you don't want to overmix thing or they will turn out dry, won't rise properly etc..."
"you can't. a soon a you reach your destination, ""there"" will become ""here."""
"i doubt that she will say no, u sound lik a really sweet guy, and if her parent lik u it most possible that she love u too, dont worry everybody get alittle nervous before popping the question, go for it! ask her!"
dude why would you even try a bugger you do know what bugger are made of dont you? dude if you eat bugger that mean u can get worm i dont think you want worm either.you might want to get that checked out.
"your first obstacle may be spelling which may or may not be indicative of your level of education. second, lacking the discipline to spellcheck may make you appear careless to others."
"2 standard deviation above average (100).. . that mean 130 or 142 depending on the iq test(s) being used.. . i joined a few year ago, mostly to prove i could, but found the whole thing pretty dull."
"you say 'prost'. (in somewhat old-fashioned german, sometimes written 'prosit').. . previos answer 'anfeuerungen' actually mean something like 'lighting a fire' or 'initiating combustion'."
a gill is a unit of measurement used in conjunction with a bushel. a gill is a 1/4 bushel a peck ( a in peter piper picked a peck...) is 1/2 a bushel.
"emo is supposed to be ""emotional rock"". a type of music. but it stretched into a style of clothing, hair, clique, and personality of people who listen to emo music. any emo kid will define however they want to though."
good question for dr.phil. you might go to his web site and ask him about it.
"unless you're going to a formal dinner, meeting or church where you would have to dress up, you can go casual pretty much all the way. . when it hot, and it usually is, unless it's raining or night time in february, it's not a dry heat, but a humid heat. i would suggest light clothing, tank tops, shorts, and whatever else it would take for you to keep cool."
oh yeah because they have the same color hair there is such a striking resemblance! stop being dumb. there is like a 50 year age difference there.
"it's italian. it's actually spelled capisci. it mean ""you understand"" and can be used a a question or a statement."
"it's a whitefish with a very mild taste. it almost doesn't taste like fish. very tasty on the grill, cooked with butter and topped with lemon juice."
"the tamper-resistant device that read ""do not use if seal ha been broken"" is actually broken...or you turn into an alien. nothing happens to you physically, premarital or postmarital, it's the same."
"many people are trying to find and get back to their roots, and learn more about the culture of their ancestors. just think of 'the celtic renewal' (or check out the latest issue of national geographic). samanism, occultism, ezoterism and the like also developed in ancient time and everthing that ha something to do with these 'sciences' is all the rage now."
"i'm sure this is a new translation. it sound more entertaining than the one i read. i know what you mean though .. a if he wa surprised, huh?"
bodhidharma came from west to all other country in east side of india. from their point of view it's west. it's not europe or any western countries.
"a above, go to school. then you join a brewery and work your way up the ladder. eventually, you'll become a brewmaster - either at an established company, or you can start your own."
"chevrolet, or chevy for short, is a brand of automobile, now a division of general motors. it is one of the most popular gm marques. for 2005, chevrolet outsold it main domestic rival, ford, for the first time in 19 years, making it once again the top-selling marque in the united states.first car wa unveiled on november 3rd 1911."
grape vine are always commercially propageted by cutting - not grown from seed.. . seedless grape variety have been created by crossing grape variety until a seedless variety is reached. that then is propagated by cuttings.. . ditto all seedless fruits.
"the ""scream"" is actually moisture and steam escaping the shell and membranes. urban legend about them actually screaming. basic chemistry."
"excellent question!! (horrible grammar!). dinosaur aren't mentioned in the bible because the bible wa written by men who knew nothing of their existence. in their ignorant attempt to convince people to follow the religion that they were beginning, they wrote of a beginning of the earth that can't possibly have happened because they had no knowledge of anthropology or archaeology."
"file gumbo is gumbo made with file seasoning, which is basically ground sassafras leaves, used a a thickener. it is good! but gumbo can be made without it."
"isaiah 8:20 say all must agree with the bible if you are to accept it, or there is no light there.. . ephesian 4:1-4 say there is one faith (belief), one lord, one baptism, etc.. . 1 thessalonian 5:20-23 includes the word ""prove all things, hold fast that which is good."""
"all hell break loose.....unless you both can negotiate your particular area of control, and that is hard.for example: one control destination of summer vacation/ other control destination of winter vacation.one control housework/other control yardwork. each of you will have to give up your own personal idea of perfection and learn how to compromise. it can be done. lotsa luck."
after year and year of riding horse your ancestor butt wore flat and it wa passed on through the blood. i know this because an indian ha a horse at the ranch i worked at and told me that.
"ajwa is related to alaway and cumin, but taste more like thyme with an astringent edge. found in southern india, most commonly added to chutneys, and curried dish"
"this is what i would say: i'm so very sorry for your recent loss of________. i know this is a difficult time for you and your family and my thought and prayer are with you all at this tragic time.. . if it's somone you know really well, you can make it more personal, maybe add an anecdote such as: i'm going to miss joe/sue too, i'll always remember their laugh and smile."
predator and prey just don't seem to get along well. i don't think i'd get too friendly with something that wanted to eat me.
pan asia pacific provides latest pacific world news from the most comprehensive. global news network on the internet. news and analysis on pacific and
"do catholic not pray to saints? for me, prayer and worship go hand in hand. do catholic not pray to statue of the virgin mary? perhaps i am misinformed, but i doubt it."
"in the us, homosexual are, on average, more intelligent than heterosexuals. this translates into higher median incomes. also, most homosexual do not have family to support; they are generally single."
"it's obvious why he is shy, people want to capture and/or kill him. i would be very elusive too, wouldn't you? i don't know if dinosaur chewed caveman bone or tossed them up in the air or not. some were carnivorous so they probably did snack on them a little."
short answer :. life is to be the result of the one single sperm that won the race out of 200 -600 million other sperm who lost.. we are here to make use of the chance we have been given to enjoy life to the maximum and also to be charitable to those who can't.
"i don't know about the others, but could you add cheese to mine please??"
"(6)tell people what's right and wrong without question. then when they speak, pretend like you're listening, and continue to spew gibberish until they have to walk away.. (7)try to feel superior to everyone, but act like everything you do ha a noble cause.. (8)get together with other people who spout religious phrase and have no problem going along with whatever you say a long it ha the right number of religious sounding word in it. then trash people who actually try to respond to real impulse and curiosity.. (9)feel comforted by the fact that most people will agree with generic religious idea because they are so consoling."
"it's actually commonwealth.. the oxford dictionary (1992) say it's an association of the united kingdom with state that were previously part of the british empire. basically it's made up of country that still accept the british monarchy (we have queen elizabeth on our money).we used to be part of the british empire. country like canada, australia, new zealand..."
"reliability is, roughly, whether you could replicate an experiment and get comparable result - either because an individual's response are consistent (for example, their reaction time in a test are consistent when the test is carried out again), or the general overall result are consistent (for example, the average score on a test is the same or similar when carried out again on a comparable group). . validity is whether the construct you are using really measure what you are using it to measure. for example, if you devised a test to measure people's self-esteem, doe it really measure self-esteem, or something similar such a extraversion?"
because satisfaction must bring it back!. . it's the cycle of life.
"the the city and airport code are given by the iata i.e. international air transport association....the gd (global distribution system) help travel agent or airline back office employee book, rebook, cancel, etc. reservation for airlines, cars, hotels, etc."
i tell them to get a job. you should not give money to freeloaders. it encourages them to keep on asking.
"it is known a the largest number made so far although # are infinitive and you can also say a google and one. the # ha 100 zero's . and that's why the search engine is called google, it's a good name becuase it's kind of telling you that it will find a many source a possible for your search"
":}. biblical and extra biblical history support his existence for those who do not know him, faith work for the rest of us."
"word to the wise, don't even try. if you come between two men you will cause problem and one or both of them will eventually resent or hate you.. . make it easy for them date both of them at the same time."
"the industrialization of the northern state wa financed by the investment of hard currency made through the exportation of cotton and tobacco, both slave crop grown almost exclusively in the south.. . later, a the south grew more paranoid they imposed the enforcement of slavery on the northern state through the fugitive slave act. before this, people in the north could pretend that slavery wa something very far away, wasn't really all that bad, wa someone else's problem, or just wa none of their business."
i flirt to make the other person feel good..i mostly flirt with the one that don't get flirted with because they are old or disfigured etc..i'm not in it for my ego but to boost someone elses... i especially love old people..i think they lack the attention they deserve.. sometimes i'll flirt/tease someone i wouldn't mind being intimate with..but only happens once in a blue moon...
"you have to deep fry them using an electrical industrial fryer machine. also, there´s this rumor that they give their fry a ""meaty"" flavor. could be from the animal source of their oil or some adhitive they put in the oil."
we've had this discussion around the office and determined it ha to be the aspartame that's in it. i'm totally addicted to them and most people that i know that drink them are addicted too. it's not the caffeine cause most people that drink regular soda don't drink a many a those that drink diet coke.
red bull. there's an extra hour in every can
"it mean fat tuesday, it originated in france. acyually, it wa a pagan celebration, kindof like today in louisiana. it wa the day before ash wednesday, which is today. it wa origannally earlier in the month, but when the christian came they moved it, it is now used to party before the 40 day of lent"
"""just"" in this context is close to ""almost"", ""nearly"", whereas ""only"" excludes anything else. however, there are instance when the two word are very close in meaning, such a in: it only / just a moment.. hence they are sibling in a way."
"to my knowledge, yes there is a difference. isn't cayenne a spicy kind of pepper and red pepper just like pepper only red? i believe i am correct."
"built around a open square the room opened to the inside you entered through a portico into an atrium the roof were red clay tile the floor were built with space for heat from a furnace to warm the floor called a hippocaust. people reclined to eat on couches, solarium and heated bath wer owned by the rich the public bath were cheap and a meeting place for roman to exchange news and gossip'"
give them all a piece of paper and write p.t.o on both side of the paper !!!
"god's plan involves sex only after marriage. fornication is just a much a sin a anything out there. it is very important, because if you don't then you are messing with god's plan for your life."
because nobody from that period in time knew about them. you can't talk about something that you have no idea existed. that's the way i see it.
"sorry to be picky, but isn't this section supposed to be for question relating to 'royalty'?. . this question should really be in 'society and culture'."
you know how scrubbing bubble clean the bathroom for you? i think the bubble in the club soda clean the stain for you. ;)
"wierd dangerous or wierd don't want to be around 'em? wierd dangerous is a little more complicated. some of it is feeling uncomfortable around them, some is seeing them do thing that are not mentally healthy, some is hearing them say thing that leave you wondering what is on their mind."
"exercise that big ol' muscle you got up there between your ears. sit around and think. write down your thoughts, and then go back a few day later and look at them. sometimes you suprise yourself"
"information a a concept bear a diversity of meanings, from everyday usage to technical settings. generally speaking, the concept of information is closely related to notion of communication, constraint, control, data, form, instruction, knowledge, meaning, mental stimulus, pattern, perception, and representation."
"we haven't yet, by the way. when i can walk down the street without someone asking me,""what are you?"", that's when i know it will be conquered."
"a departure from the usual increase or decrease of an atmospheric property with altitude. it usually refers to an increase in temperature with increasing altitude, which is a departure from the usual decrease of temperature with height."
"it is the imperative form of the verb ""bailar"" (to dance). for instance, if you say ""baila conmigo"" to someone, you are ""telling"" that person to dance with you. although it is the imperative form, it will not be impolite if you say it to a friend of yours, since it will be understoos a an informal invitation. but this depends also, of course, on the intonation, i. e, the way you say it, just a it happens in english."
"many state have free search of inmate on the department of correction site for you state. under the inmate database, you will be able to search for your friend."
"heat a sauce pan over med-high heat, add a pat of butter. then........post your question in the right category."
"he didn't. it wa the title of a novel by irving stone about michelangelo, that wa later made into a movie with charlton heston."
"name one, because the utopia you describe doesn't exist on this planet, and if it did, the u.s. would be the closest to it. i don't know ""aboot"" canada, because of the ""smarter"" comment. a far a japan, the health care thing certainly would not pertain...so...i still say u.s."
moses wasn't a high priest because he had a different job to do. and also god ended up making aaron's son into the family of high priests.
"1. good ""people skills"" - ability to communicate clearly, ability to gauge people correctly and adapt to their personality, ability to interact with people even when you don't like them.. . 2. perspective is important if you consider success a being where you want to be in life (rather than external indicator of success)."
"pta is peseta, the old currency of spain. since january 1st, 2002, 15 eu countries(the eurozone), change their old currency and establish the euro a common currency. you can change pesatas for euro only in the spain´s national bank(banco de españa). 1 euro is 166,386 pesetas."
"if you're talking about how to get the shell off, good luck with that. i heard it take some industrial amount of pressure to crack the shells, and only certain bird in hawaii have the jaw power for it.. . maybe you could lay them between two board in your driveway and drive your car over them. messy, but easier than finding a bird to borrow."
the general overview of what is right or wrong is a social change. once they believed that glbt wa wrong. now it is acceptable in a broad sense. that is a social change.just one example
"i have no idea why people do that. i've never done it, i think is just stupid."
"teaching mean to impart a knowledge or skill.. preaching is proclaiming or advocating a message.. a teacher is there to continuously instruct you until you learn a specific lesson. a preacher tell you a message/lesson. although, a lot of times, these two are mixed together so you get a little of both."
"the critical mass for lower-grade uranium depends strongly on the grade: with 20 % u-235, and surrounded by a 4 cm thick beryllium neutron reflector, it is over 400 kg; with 15 % u-235, it is well over 1000 kg.. . the critical mass is inversely proportional to the square of the density: if the density is 1% more and the mass 2% le than the volume is 3% le and the diameter 1% less. the probability for a neutron per cm travelled to hit a nucleus is proportional to the density, so 1% more, which compensates that the distance travelled before leaving the system is 1% less. this is something that must be taken into consideration when attempting more precise estimate of critical mass of plutonium isotope than the rough value given above, because plutonium metal ha a large number of different crystal phase which can have widely varying densities."
"supersitions are made, from moral value that society hold dear, thus are an subversive form of control, allowing individual to repress the taboo, . . just think about the mastr.ation myth, gender role"
one side need to decide to stop. reason for war are quite complex and effort toward peace are difficult. the best we a individual we can do is not go about killing and implore our leader to do the same.
"salt is used to deter burping while enhancing flavor.. it foam almost instantly but because it release the co.. plus for power drinkers, it take the bite out of it!"
"if he is trying to ""s""ack you for poor spelling/grammar then may be he ha a point! . . if this is not right we need more information!"
many people do not realize the difference between a 'four leaf clover' and a shamrock. a four leaf clover is a lucky charm or sign of good luck. the shamrock ha a strong significance to the irish because st. patrick is said to have used it three leaf to explain the holy trinity.
1/2 cup veg oil. red pepper flake to your taste. combine and pour over 4 stick of crackers.. toss every 15 min for about 2 hours... or until all the oil ha soaked into crackers.. also great to add dry italian dressing.
"it's sergeant at arms. the united state house of representative sergeant at arm is an officer of the house with law enforcement, protocol, and administrative responsibilities. the sergeant at arm is elected at the beginning of each congress by the membership of the chamber."
start by using spellchecker then use a trasilater -- of course !!!!
"if you elaborate on the meaning of the word, it might be clearer. that word is not familiar to me, for instance, but if it's misspelled a you admit is possible, then someone might recognize it in context."
"i'm sorry, i failed latin. (if you can cite the quote, i imagine you already have a clue.)"
"for a lot of people, the kind of low-level constant pain caused by tattooing cause the body to release endorphins, the same chemical that cause experience like runners' highs. endorphin cause the body to feel good, which the mind associate with tattoos, which can cause a mild addiction."
"it depends on the timezone you are in canada. but a a guide for you... if it 130am sunday in philippines, it 1230pm saturday in toronto, 930am sat in vancouver, 1130am sat in winnipeg, 1230pm sat in montreal.. . hope that helps."
first of all pray and ask god which church to send you to. then once you are going there for a while and they are preaching the truth ten tell the pastor you would like to be a member of that church. pray and make sure god is in it.
"hard to tell what it will be this summer, but the usual june and july weather for our country (poland) mix up hot sunny day and cooler rainy days. last summer, for example, we had a bunch of day over 100f, which is extremely hot for us. but that wa an exception. in any case, june and july are the best month to visit, so have fun!"
yes i have. most of them i expect are from spammer and phishers. seems i keep my delete button pretty active.
hyper mean excessive. hyper architecture is specializing in architecture and taking it beyond the norm.. hyper architecture would mean something more cool than cool.
"i do not know, but i know the one person that i would not want brought back and that would be jesus christ. (if you think about this for just a second you will realize that i do not say this because i would not want to know him but because i do.)"
"for the same reason catholic look like baptists... they're religions, not ethnic group"
"art is a tangible expression, constructed in a medium; of a deeply felt emotion by the artist. the value of art is seldom reflected in it monentary value."
"when you work in photoshop it work in layer of each thing you change. to apply thing like filter to the whole image, not just a layer of it, you need to 'flatten' the image first. in the 'layer' area. try that!"
find out what year he wa ordained and look up the local catholic directory for the following year; they usually list the background of the previous year's ordinand before the obituaries.. . if you're talking something more serious... get straight in contact with the chancery office of the diocese or roman catholic faithful might be able to advise.
"trying to get a compulsive liar to stop lying is like trying to perform the heimlich maneuver on a mountain goat. it's a big mess, potentially dangerous, and in the end...best left up to the professionals."
scalding milk is to heat your milk to the point just below boiling. you never want to boil milk or you run the chance of making it curdle.
i should advice india. weather in oct. sep. should be rainy and warm. beach in goa and kerala are the best.
"i used to be a nervous wreck, until one day i thaugh to myself: 'i am the only me on earth. life is too short to be so nervous.life should be lived to the optimum.' look at the most successful people in the world, they stink of confidence. so what's it gonna be, you're either awinner or a loser."
jonny the reason there are 10 recipe is because one is correct and the others are shortcut people who don't know what they are doing use to make something 'close enough'. mixology is a science and you sound more like a drunk that opened a bar.
do you mean fondant? here is one recipe i found.
"philosophy is a study that includes various diverse subfields such a aesthetics, epistemology, ethics, logic, and metaphysics. various philosophical tradition use different method and include different topic in their study. some, for example, include politics, physics, or religion. the fundamental method of philosophy involves the systematic use of critical reasoning to evaluate argument in defence of assertion of belief or opinion."
"no way jose.....oh, ugh, oh, can i get back to you on that. sorry!"
"when you go to the post office, just tell the clerk that you want to send the mail certified. it cost $2.40."
your problem same like mine.. me myself cant help eating candy n choc. what can i tell u.. make it a small portion. avoid from buy it in the 1st place. hope it works.
you actually eat haggis? whoa. how doe it taste?
"an islamic idea called jihad state that one must fight for islam. it can be fighting temptation, preaching about islam, or fighting for islam. sunni extremist and their followers, (not all sunni support terrorism,) take the militaristic form, and they take it overboard. shia tend to be le violent."
"they are found in acidic bog throughout the cooler part of the northern hemisphere.. cranberry are major crop in massachusetts, wisconsin, and new jersey. commercial cranberry field today are diked so they may be flooded. when the berry are ripe, they float, making harvesting a matter of flooding the field, shaking the bush a bit, and skimming off the berry into waiting trucks. various mechanism have been used through the year to ""shake"" the bushes, including a 2005 innovation that reduces bush damage and increase yield."
"a high angle shot is:. a shot from above which point down on the action; subject may appear small, insignificant, or threatened"
"should of bought a can opener before buying a can that needed to be opened, dont worry we all make mistake just go back to the store and buy one. it will all be good."
if there is a higher intelegence out there then it should be the same god for everyone. but sadly most nation have a different idea of gods..i truly do not believe there is a god...because if there wa there would be no black or white churches..and people of different nation would not be killing each other in name of there god. god is an invisible friend to so many people. the god i want to believe in woould not let this world destroy each other.
"lettuce is a free food on any diet. exact measurement is not really needed here just get something that look like 2 cup and fill it up. you do however, desperately need a book on grammar."
"(1) sometimes it just the anticipation of getting to someplace that make it feel like it take a long time.. . (2) if you're flying, depending on the direction of the flight, the wind are either with the plane or against the plane-- flying east almost always take le time (unless it the opposite)."
"not necessarily doe it mean they 'love you', but it doe definitely imply they 'like you alot'.!! if you like them alot, too, look at them and smile and say their name back!!. they'll see you feel the same way about them and thing will probably start getting more serious then.. good luck!"
"tell them you are gay. that could surprise them... haha... do something they would never do. go see a play, a concert... take them to your favorite hang out place. anything out of the ordinary."
they can only display so many at a time. they rotate many flavor but some they always have.
"economic factor greatly affect our daily life and our personality reflect our outward dealing with the world so economic factor have immediate impact on our personality and their formation.. . facing challenge with courage strengthens personality. those who have no real challenge have le opportunity to truly develop personality strengths, though they don't think so.. . on the other hand people with money have more opportunity to develop the outward manifestation of personality that we call culture."
"in-tolerance and ignorance. a simple rule to avoid culture conflict would be: live your life and do whatever you want to do and believe whatever you want to believe, except if that cause harm to another human being or creature.why stick your nose in someone el business?"
"beauty is in the eye of the beholder. i believe it is our personal preferences, likes, and individual taste that dictate that which we call beautiful. hence the subjective nature of beauty. in this regard everything and everyone is beautiful."
"think that other people also have their own weaknesses, it's just we think too much about our weaknesses. they try to improve their weaknesses, and we should to try to. they are also humans."
jesus is in the qu' ran. muhammed is not in the bible.. . jesus is not accepted a the son of god in the qu'ran. he is credited a a prophet only.
have you been sent to an iggy bin? iggy bin is a place you go when you are being ignored in a chat room.
"instead of pasting the entire entry from wikipedia, since miguel ha already done that, i'll answer the question in one sentence.. . madeira is a fortified wine made on the island of madeira, (thus it is made from grapewine and brandy), and artificially aged by heating and exposing to oxygen"
"""brokeback mountain"" is a great film - a well a ""crash"". hollywood, however, is quite conservative (we must remember that all member of the academy vote for best picture) and dealing with a film about racial problem may be easier for them than a courageous movie about a forbidden same-sex love affair."
"there are 100 agorot in one shekel (i.e. one hundred cent to a dollar), they come in 10 agorot coins, and 1/2 shekel coin (50 agorot). the shekel is worth about $1 to 4-5 shekels."
"the best and only way to travel for free is to work for airline. you can travel free throughout the us, and fly to europe for aorund $100 r/t! it all depends on the airline though.. . there is an actual website that provides you additional information on so called ""free trave"""
"it started when frankenstein beat-up a leprechaun, and than a snowman wa like ""hey c.d. (count dracula), franky just whooped on this little green dude who life under a tree"" and dracula wa like ""i must suck his blood"" so frankenstein, knowing that dracula wa gonna get all of his homies, limped to the wood and asked the hairiest beast in the wood for back-up and the beast wa like roarrrrrr (that mean yes in wolf talk by the way) so to amke a long story short, i wa frankenstein."
"actually the anger is against some western government not against west or western people.. there are many cause like west's double strandard on human right and demoracy. for example hamas won the election but some government are not accepting them.. israel is free to do anything but west tell u to stop cry about injustices.. if you consider, the major war zone are in muslim world.phalestine, kashmir, iraq, afganistan,kosovo, bosnia.thousands of muslim died but there wa no solid action by west or un.why un can resolve east timor but not kashmir.ask that?"
you are wearing jean and a white-stripped button up dress shirt that is slightly un-buttoned.... . .. or atleast thatt's what i wish you were wearing. that would be pretty hott
"we'd like to be able to say that we understand everything. by showing nature for what it really is -- incredibly intricate and complex -- we're admitting that we really don't know everything about it and how it works.. . ah, the human ego."
because pastel are present in nature in the spring time. light bright greens..spring flowers...etc...
so is food. why do they still sell that?
i think about the power to lead wisely and help u have a well run government. too many politician are in it to serve themselves rather than the people. where are the dedicated leader such a senator proxmire and senator nelson.
"in my tribe, you need to provide proof that you descended from one of the original allottees on our reservation or from an old government census taken early last century. proof would be in the form of a birth certificate and family tree. each tribe is a little different, but were mostly the same. the big difference in our tribe is that blood quantum doen't make a difference, most tribe have a quarter degree requirement, but not ours."
"oregon-while it is only legal for medical reasons, i swear the entire population of the state is baked! it is very acceptable and that is perhaps why the state is full of lazy welfare dependant bums. this is the real reason all the hispanic have their jobs!"
"north-eastern australia is very diverse because it is jam packed full of very close, but very different, ecosystem and their smaller vegetation communities; coral reefs, sea grass communities, mangroves, beaches, rocky shores, wet schlerophyll forest, tropical open forest and woodlands. the terrestrial part of north-eastern queensland is known a the 'wet tropics', with one of australia's most beautiful towns, cairns, at it's centre. the 'wet tropics' has, a the name suggests, australia's highest rainfall and thus support the continent's main tropical rainforest."
wealthy contributor kick off and leave art to the hospital. also it's a way of attracting other patron to the cause of research by looking successful.
"pro - place to vent, a journal, save you time showing your friends.. . con - anyone can practically read it, people can learn who you are and find/stalk you, you're not there to explain what it mean so it may be misinterpreted."
"men complain that it is the other way around, dear !. ...when one human being (irrespective of their gender) take a genuine, healthy and active interest in another, he/she will be able to understand the other perfectly well !. ...if this 'interest' is merely superficial, superfluous, or carnal, that's when these so-called 'difficulties' crop up !"
"george w. bush for alive, responsible for killing around 30,000 people for personal glory. i know more people have died in the sudan and other places, but there isn't one person responsible.. also for destroying the environment, harming the poor and women, destroying america's political system, etc.... . probably hitler for dead, killing 10-12 million people in his quest for glory."
"a calorie is the energy it take for one liter of water to be warmed one degree. that is what calorie are, energy for you body. you need some in order to move about and funtion. too many, or from the wrong foods, that is what give them a bad name."
"in islam, the pig is regarded a unclean because the female mate with several male at the same time. it is believed by muslim that we take our disposition from the food we eat so pork, ham and bacon are banned in the koran. it is also banned in leviticus of the bible which is why jew don't eat pork."
"believe it or not, i'd take my family to australia. it ha some of the most unique animal and vegetation anywhere in the world. (and maybe visit the most unique q & a 'er and her family.)"
"first, visit the city of mexico and make sure you save your receipt a you'll be able to tax deduct (see your accountant about that). go to the hotel and tourist area to see where they can use your english. then, look for local apartment that you can rent......go live there. oh, yeah, you should check to see if you need a work permit in mx."
"latin.. . buyer be aware, it a marketing and business philosophy typical of the 50 and 60's where the buyer had to take te product ""as is"" and check all before he buyed, he had no right to reclamation whatsoever, the enterprise philosophy and strategy wa to produce a lot... not to attract customer and care about their needs.. . in the other hands, today the philosophy ha changed, customer is more informed and enterprise fight for positioning (the place a product occupies in a customer`s mind) so philosophy ha also changed, today caveat emptor ha transformed into ""caveat venditor"" (may the seller be aware, take care of himself) and/or ""cavea emptorum"" (take care of the customer, be aware of the buyer)"
the tabernacle of david is a prophecy for when the messiah will come (who is a descendant of david) and restore the temple. . . the tabernacle that moses made in the dessert wa used by the nation of israel until solomon built the first temple in jerusalem
"you gave u neighbours, we give you the royal family..... seriously, i think if you pushed to be a republic, you'd win many friend over here (me included). i don't think you have a great record with race relation - but hey, it's not like the uk is a multi-cultural heaven.. 7/10 - could try harder."
"best way is thru websites. one gay dude in nairobi, kenya is bound to hitch himself using the net a a mean of communication."
"i wish i knew. i've been a reader of his for some time now, and i have never seen anything offensive in his writings. i have written yahoo answer asking them to reinstate him."
"a gizzard is an organ containing grit or sand inside the bird. when the bird eats something, it tends to swallow it whole or in large peices (having no teath). the gizzard is there to literally grind the food to a pulp before it move on to the stomach."
"you could just be urself. look hot, and then just spark a conversation of what u like to do. maybe have s*x, maybe ride a bike, whatevery make u feel confortable."
hi dear!..im a persian boy!!...we don't have that word in our language!
"for video software, if you have a mac, get final cut. if pc, adobe premiere. they both have green screening capabilities."
i am not sure what it sound like ... anyone??
"no resource off the top of my head, but the basic idea go like this.. . our nation is the greatest in the world (nationalism), so we deserve to expand our borders. in fact, the rest of the world would be lucky to have u take over their affair (imperialism)."
"tell me the festival and i will let you know. . . festival name and location, possibly the date too if there is more than one of the same in a year."
"it depends if it sound good when you say.. this is what u do:start speakin slang and have baggy . clothes, have brand name shoe and make sure you get shoe right when they come out.have a coll phone the at least have a camera and make sure you watch bet and have ring tone on yo phone.have a cool car with rim and a nice paint job with no dent and make sure it ha an alarm. when you drive, have the window down and have the radio loud.buy some hip-hop cd's.make sure you where clothes that match and maybe wear black and wear white."
"wilson's 14 point were part of his fundamental aim to remake international relation in the immediate aftermath of the first world war. it hoped to prevent any such widespread and costly conflict from occuring again by replacing the diplomacy of secret treaty and balance of power by a more open international system based on mutual trust and respect between states. one of the key area in this wa the setting up of a league of nation which would guarentee the security of all it member and would serve a a forum for resolving conflict between them.. . le seriously, the french president clemenceau once quipped in annoyance at wilson ""the good lord only had 10.... but wilson ha his fourteen!"""
"the hatfields and mccoys were two neighboring family in west virginia who started a 'blood fued' that lasted for 30 year starting in 1863.. . the ok corral wa a gunfight (some say mismatch) between the earp brother (lawmen) w/doc holliday against the mclaurys and clantons in tombstone arizona on october 26, 1881.. . both were example of famous (and bloody) fueds."
"i read that when a lobster dies, it begin to release a poison in it system. cooking a lobster live (or killing it and cooking immediately) prevents the poison from moving throughout it body."
there are public lavatory in peru. you just need to know where to find them....ask to the people on the streets.... . people that don't use the public lavatory are mostly low educated persons...they don't have money or they don't have any education at all
"i don't know but it should!!!! we deserve to have a least one, cali's not any better than slc and it's got at least three!"
"one of the surprising result of the black death is that it created labor shortage. this resulted in a higher standard of living for those traditionally at the bottom of the socio-economic ladder. there wa lot of land, and few healthy people to farm. the simple economics of supply and demand meant that menial laborer could now command higher wages, sometimes even becoming lanholders themselves."
"if you fly to to you can rent a vehicle relatively cheaply from the airport by doing the ""ontario only, unlimited mileage"" package and then drive to st. catharines (that's the correct spelling by the way) or fly to buffalo and rent a vehicle. check the car rental package on line first and then book through the company - we found that the cheapest. that would be my choice. i'd definitely avoid the bus."
"ice cream ha a higher fat content, due to more milkfat being present. sherbet is relatively lowfat, using whole or 2% milk and juice, sugar, flavorings, etc. ice cream is whole milk + cream, sugar,flavorings, etc."
it did. but the new one come out in october. (or september)
"jesus never had a father. how can he be called son of a man. i dont know from where ever you got this info, it is wrong"
"you have to cut the core from the apple of course, add water, and bring to a boil, may need to add sugar to taste. for the cider it is made with spices, like cinnamon, nutmeg, and cloves, some others, and i think, not sure about this but some vinegar is used. and my mom and grandmother use the sweeter apples, but you can use a few fo the granny smiths, just not too many."
"actually, aiden is the cute, sexy hunk on ""all my children"" and he's from austrailia. i know some girl who name their baby after soap opera starz."
he did. read the whole story. though i do not believe that he wa god and not agree with it total concept of sacrifice and sin . and to say jesus wa that is no different than idolworship.
"after they are finished boiling, quickly dip them in some ice water. the cool water cause the shell to harden quickly which make them easier to remove."
"i think,, you should think that over! always better way of making money."
"place the turkey in the sink and leave cold running water on it that way all the bacteria and germ go running down the drain ... if you leave it in a sink full of water you are setting yourself up for a night of tummy problems, there is nothing like leaving your turkey in a cesspool of nasty things! you can also leave the turkey to defrost in the fridge, just make sure it is on the bottom shelf!"
"lot of practice, you might want to get a woman first to practice on...it would be best to not use your sister or mother. however aunt and non-relatives are ok."
"you make the mistake of expecting them to come to you, go to them and strike up a conversation. the trick is to be friend with yourself, confidence in self will show through. find some commen interests, read the newspaper, get some thing to talk about and go and find some people who interest you don't wait till they come to you or you'll be alone for a long time."
call the art department of your local school of interest and ask them. i am sure it is different for different school / art programs.
"because woman can multi-task!! we're constantly thinking of many thing at once and there are so many feelings, nothing ever just black or white. so when something happens there's usually more than just one emotion to go with it! hey, it's a good thing."
"all you have to do is get some chicken wire to form the shape of the tomb and use styrofoam to put around the outside. or, you could use plywood and 2x4's to build a tomb. there are many different methods, but it really depends on how you want it to look, inside and out."
your state of mind is your state of being. everything else is just an effect and the only true cause if the mind.
"(m). . norouz (also spelled norooz, noruz, nauroz, nav-roze, navroz, naw-rúz or nowrouz and in persian نوروز) is the traditional iranian festival of the new year in the persian calendar which start at the exact moment of the vernal equinox, commencing the start of the spring. the name come from persian no=new + rooz=day; meaning ""new day""."
"actually, the old english word (from which 'bless' comes) is 'bletsian', not 'blestian'.. . it refers to sanctifying something with blood (which is a religious activity observed by various religions)."
"i think you'll find that in most households, men only think they are the head of the household, because their wives/gfs/partners let them think that. a woman can get a man worried, with just one look!!!"
"it is popped in a specific popper made for quantity popping...not like the small bag you buy in a store for a microwave. we use special butter, seasoning and of course oil. that is why it is better at a theatre. i should know i run one."
this is tour organized by mickey and minny mouse which run in july. it take mouse around their local town and city and they stay at any house that doesn't have a cat.
"morality is basically a set of rules, or a code of conduct that enables civilized people to live together in a society.. it ha nothing to do with a 'higher power' but primitive people would be unlikely to accept rule and regulation dictated by just another person, so god wa invented to keep a journal of who's doing what to whom."
weakness pointes.. let see... 1.fear of fail . 2.being so sensitive. 3.pretending that i don't have any weakness point !!!
"it isn't really a biblical or religious term. it just refers to something that is ixcessively huge, like the flood, revelations, etc."
"i would have to agree with what you said in your question. evil did become from good and both are about feelings, ideas, desire and wants. people are the only thing that make the difference between evil and good a you put it, from what i can see."
"more are social norm concerning social taboos. people will in general think much le of you if go against a more. an example would be going out in public without clothes.. . a folkway is a looser, more forgivable social norm, like not talking on your cell phone during dinner."
"the best superpower would definitely have to be the ability to read people's minds. that could defintely come in handy on a date or when you're fighting crime, it's a multipurpose power to have."
"you may have attention deficit disorder (add) which could be causing your lack of concentration. you may want to get checked for that. other thing that can cause this are too much caffiene, boredom with the job, etc. add ha those exact symptoms, however....get checked out!"
"warmth mostly. and buoyancy. and, besides that, it make them taste delicious!"
"because the diction teacher at pirate university came from somerset. he taught for years, and wa given a stolen gold watch when he retired."
"it not the religion that you chose make you sanctised.its the belief in god that matters.if you believe in just religion,you wont find god.try to find god where you are? if you cant find him there,you cant find him anywhere else."
"i live near niagara falls, and i guess it's something you just have to experience. i guess i would say because they are expansive and wide (from the canadian side, you have a great view). there's also the horseshoe fall right next to it which is pretty amazing a well."
"gardner, brooke-taylor, and oddie have never claimed to be one goodie!. . the have always called themselves 'the goodies', plural.. . oh dear, i seem to have misread the question!"
"it is the process of all the good gooey topping in the bottom of the pan, (sugar, butter, pineapples....etc.) and letting it cook up around the cake batter this also allows the sugar and other ing. to melt together without running off the cake. and after it is done you let it cool then flip the pan and all the topping that were on the bottom are now on top..............ummmmm ummmmmm good !"
"it wa under spanish domination (not mexican) for 3 centuries, until 1898. therefore the spanish name and surnames."
according to evolution we came from some atom or something that evolved into the monkey men and then we evolved into u humans. in my religion. we came from god and the only evolving we human do is adapting socially.
"marmalade is the correct spelling for a group of conserve that are made from citrus fruit - orange being one of them. originated in the 14th century in england, marmalade is made from a mixture of juices, sugar, a gelling agent, and fruit peel that is slow-cooked to achieve the molasses-like texture. the name originates from the portugese marmalada or marmalo - which is a word describing a quince, or slow-cooked fruit jelly. marmalade began to be manufactured back in roman days."
i think the only perso in the bible that knew god wa jesus. that why it look like his evolving. actually his always been a kind and forgiving god. people just never/and still don't know it.
"i would say to repent would mean to honestly, sincerely, be sorry inside yourself for what you did and to never do it again. i dont mean say oops sorry, i mean to actually feel you did wrong. to learn from this and to never repeat it."
"the black-red-yellow tricolour flag ha been used at least three time in the history of germany. it wa adopted in 1848, and abolished in 1852; readopted a the flag of the weimar republic on august 11th 1919, and abolished and replaced by the third reich flag march 12th 1933. it wa finally readopted a the modern german flag on 8 may 1949. it wa used by the german democratic republic until 1959, but had added to it a coat of arm from 1959 to 1989, when the germany were reunited."
"i would imagine it's the same a the general christian teaching - 'as ye have done unto the least of my brothers, so ye have done unto me' - dive and lazarus live today. if that's not the teaching, it blooming well ought to be!"
"i dont think you can, unless your provider allows you too which you probably have to pay for it.. ask your providers, they probably know how"
"they are confused. and i really don't care since one lied to my face about me, a gossip monger. silly, just silly, all of it so silly."
why did god give man nipples?. . comic effect.
":}. because they are translations, which mean they change the word of the original language into the language they are translation to"
"great answer so far! i added a link below, that i think speaks to your question.. . let's take this question to a vote, to get this resolved.. . what do you say?"
"""all life is created to advance."" is my thought."
"just ignore them,. it the most difficult thing to do"
he really is a prick. i reported him a week or two ago for just posting question that involved him preaching.
fish fork are usually blunt and better able to slip between the flake of cooked fish.. . there are also fish knife and seafood forks!. . cheer
"a christening is done by catholic when the child is a baby, and is done because catholic parent feel that they make all decision for a child before they are capable of making thier own. a baptism is done by most christians. not only catholics. this is done when the child (or person) make thier own decision to be saved."
you would attatch the file to an email. let them know in advance that you are doing this because a lot of people are afraid to open mail with attatchments in case of a virus.
would you rather them drop a duce on your desk? thats what the toilet is for.
"thinking from the point of view of an intellectual social gathering i think being updated with quality knowledge on vast topic is helpful. you never know where will the communication lead to, so it better to speck when you have something extra to share.. a great scholar once said, read the best of what you can, learn the best from what you read, speck from best of what you learn."
"no one knows! . it wa certainly before the occupation of vermont/america by the so-called ""americans"" though."
"i think i would go dwarf, too but what good is a larger penis if you never get to use it anyway? do dwarf get laid?now that i think about it, dwarf probably get lot of nookie!"
"the idea behind the bauhaus movement wa to combine beauty with function, that is art in practial use. it survived until hitler came to power, he didn't like it and the artist scattered, though there is a revival now or recently wa"
drain and rinse a can of black beans; drain a can of corn; chop a small tomato and red onion and bell pepper; add some cilantro and lime juice and enjoy. room temp is good but cold is okay too. very colorful.
expression. it doesn't have to be recognized or even seen or heard. it is simply a form of expression.
"i have no idea. i had to read that question about 3 times. they sre not lesser, they are just smaller. every animal, including insect serve a certain purpose on earth."
"well, if you do a little more research you will find out they don't contradict each other. really. do more research."
they werent allowed to take bath or wash or cut their hair!!....wierd!!?!
"it is all in comparison. a wax apple is fake relative to an organic one, but the wax apple is a real wax apple."
"i don't think england ha a culture where tipping is the norm. i know that in australia we don't really. so maybe they don't because they forget that it is what is expected from them.. or they could be pretending they don't know about it, because being british will let them get away with it. but i'd go for the first one myself."
go to a salon and get it waxed professionally. well worth it. but painful!!
"american tend to be narrow minded in term of viewing the world. they feel the u is the best country in the world, so why visit any other?"
"tomales kick a**. there's a mexican girl in my neighborhood who make them and sell them door-to-door to raise money for her college tuition, and they rock!. . i would marry that girl in a heartbeat, and happily eat tomales on christmas or easter or thanksgiving or any other time she make them."
pliny report that egyptian took an oath on garlic. how accurate that report is is potentially debatable.. it's also worth pointing out that it's not clear how far back this practice date a pliny wa writing in the first century ad.
"so he could throw all the christian there when he finally get bored of all their bulls**t. hopefully along with all the mormons, catholics, jehovah’s witness and other ridiculous cult that brainwash people.. . anyway, we all know that heaven & hell doesn't exist. so, all the god mob better prepare for the fact that the only place we're all going is into the ground a worm food."
"you really wouldn't want to know. i went through the initial process and wa turned down, even though i have a paralyzed left arm, a bad back, poor vision, uncontrolled high blood pressure, a nervous disorder and can't work."
"it doesn't really sound ""bad"" a much a ""different."" we're not used to hearing our own voice...what we hear is very different than what other people hear. all you're hearing is what other people hear all the time, it just sound bad to you."
"my rainstick is furniture quality bamboo, three inch around, filled with small pebbles. there is a site on the internet with instruction keyword rain stick."
people tend to believe if it isnt mine it not my problem. people that trash public restroom probably live like slob anyway so thats why it doesnt bother them.
"welcome to yahoo!answers. i looked at your profile and see you are new. i am peachy this morning, and you?"
"raelianism. . it's a fairly new religion and i understand that it is still forming, but so far a lot of what it talk about is more focused on building a landing pad for alien vessel than it doe on focusing on spiritual life or much else (although it doe have an interesting theory of how we got here, etc). i'm sure it will develop a time go on, but right now it seems a bit ludicrous."
south kensington and gloucester road are the two nearest tube station and both are a short walk to the science museum. expect a great day out!
because it is from history that we learn about the presnt and the future. we can learn from the past and try not to make the same mistake in the present.
they lose hope in themselves and their future. maybe their parent never taught them to focus on the positive thing in life instead of the negative. i know mine didn't and i have struggled with this for years. i try a they should everyday to thank god for what i have and remind myself that anything can be taken away in an instant.
"genetic defect. you're probably missing other stuff too that you just don't notice. by the way, interesting. :)"
"you will be fine, most of people think that wen someone say mediterranean food is only meat dish but that is not the reality.... i'm from portugal that is just around the corner from morocco and the cuisine that's quite similar be twin both countries, there is plenty of vegetarian dish to keep you busy for some time but be ware of the spicy bit's..."
put it in the frig. or cut out the bulb in the middle first.
not sure about the percentage but pepsi is le fizzy. they all probably have the same amount of co2 but the weight of the syrup bcz of the amount of sugar would make it le fizzy.
you can buy beer batter and that is the easiest way to do it! but you batter with it just like your battering with the regular stuff.
"keep rubbing it with your finger til it come off, or put an ice cube on it to harden it and it should be ealier to get off in a oner. oh, and don't blow bubble again...."
"make sure the onion is very cold and most important a sharp knife. if your knife is dull, the juice run out of the onion which make your eye run."
red is the first color lost in dim and low light environment's. red is lost first a you go underwater.. if the interior wa yellow or blue it would interfere with the projection.
"why bother? are'nt you happy with who you are in life? besides, you could become famous and still not be happy. just be who you are!"
you did not choose the best answer because the were all to good and you wanted to put them to the vote. it is the american way to decide the best.
islamic nation had university's and a culture of knowledge that wa destroyed by the crusades. the crusade were extremely barbaric and left their islamic society spread out and in tatters. this wa done in the name of christianity and to reclaim the holy land
"because a rainbow is a spectrum of bright gay colour and the rainbow flag represents a spectrum, the range and diversity of human sexual types. lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender.. . human sexual nature doe not come a a neat black & white straight & gay polarity, each of u is unique.. . straight people are all different to each other just a gay are all different to each other."
not all woman are this way.. but it can be used a a tool to get what they want.. because they know how much men want it.. if men had more control the value that is given to sex or the ability to use sex to get something would be less.. both men and woman can control the outcome..
creator made human and gave them his greatest gift: free will. some human put that gift to waste by destroying each other and the environment. it sad.
it depends on the airline and which airplane equipment you get. it appears that the two non-stop choice you have are delta and lufthansa.. . delta range from 7hrs 55min to 8hrs 32min. lufthansa range from 7hrs 45min to 8hrs 32min
"immortality would be good with two conditions.. . the first is that your entire existence would be in good health; no one would want to exist forever a an old feeble person.. . second condition is the option to opt out. it is very possible that after seeing the same behavior, the same mistakes, the same everything again and again, you would reach the point of wishing for it to end."
human make mistakes. why should suicide not be included?
so people could get to value and appreciate the person who had it a opposed to some aftershave lotion model (yawn). it might not always be true but quite often people like this develop all kind of other quality because they have come to see look isn't everything.
"i think you mean primary source. it's a direct evidence document relating to a historical event. example are soldier's diaries, letters, pay vouchers, requisition forms, etc."
"yeap, they should not make the reservation. it is unfair to other people."
the blue one indicate where the fire hydrant are on the side of the road. the white and yellow one keep you in your lanes.
"red bull is excellent with a shot jagermeifter! maybe that`s how it got so popular. jagerbomb`s are an expensive shot though, in more way than one!"
"technically, a preposition is supposed to precede a subject. however, there are some case where inserting the preposition into the sentence rather than at the end would sound horribly awkward. such grammatical finickiness ha been relaxed in the last 50 year a more speech is considered on the level of community consensus of the utterance."
"well, greyhound may be the cheapest route, but just in case you wanted other alternatives, you may try amtrak and a someone ha mentioned, definitely check around to see what the cheapest deal are at. and finally, ask around your community, someone may be heading up that direction that you know and wouldn't mind the company on the trip up"
"no freebie in life, pay up bud. no speaka english....hehe"
we prayed for bunkbeds. we had no money and lot of kid in our small house. the next day someone asked u if we wanted their old bunk beds.. . god didn't always answer our prayer like that...but when we were very poor...he often worked like that with us.
"one is not necessarily more important that the other. however, the original meaning of the term liberal and conservative were based upon which half of that equation one placed the greater emphasis. form (letter) of the law = conservative; spirit of the law = liberal."
turn off the t.v. and spend some time with him
"i use both in different situations. if i were to say i wa going on a vacation to the caribbean, i would say cu-rib-e-un but if i were to talk about the disney movie and ride ""pirates of the caribbean"" i say care-uh-be-un. i don't know why exactly, care-uh-be-un fit better with pirate i suppose."
"yes, since it smell bad, and it's dirty. . but if we don't, then it will be more terrible, or we have to pay someone for it."
"surat is know for it textile market, diamond cutting industry. wa voted one of the cleanest city in india, surround by three bridges, and is a great city"
i don't think you can acces 1 woman fron the other. we are all a different a day and night but we will ban together when the need arises.
bacon is probably right about the grease. it's best to avoid school hamburger (or any other school food).
they do that to ensure that the person is still disabled and eligible for services. . . ssi is different than social security disability insurance (ssdi).. ssdi is earned by working with contribution for disability and retirement made to the fund by the employer and employee.. ssi is basically a welfare program for those who have no asset and who have not worked long enough to qualify for ssdi.
"first one landed get to call it a he see it. ""city of angels."""
"i dont know, but it better be lucky..have you ever tried to find one? it hard a h e double hockey sticks..my son and i spent 4 hour finding one, and wouldnt ya know it..it wa the 4 yr old that finally found it."
"the key word in christian is christ. if deep in your soul you truly are seeking him, it wasn't your choice, it wa his. don't go to him for the get out of hell card, but run to him because he is truth, life, love and the only source of total fulfillment in this life and the next!"
"""you run into problem when you start making money, because you have to operate under their 501(3)c filing, unless you file for your own"". . this is not true, most have specifically state you have an independent ministry. additionally the ulc is not a 501(3)c church."
"easter is the first sunday, after the first monday, after the first full moon, after the vernal equinox.. . that date is variable – mostly depending on the stage of the moon – and so a a result, the date of easter varies.. . don’t blame christian though, the dating of easter is based on the date of the jewish festival of passover – which the christian inherited from the hebrews."
they true answer to this question is to release the aromatics of the drink. plus it make the little olive and cocktail onion easier to get to.
"your body metabolism have to be very active to start sending out all the alcohol from your body, and caffeine doe the thick, depending on how your body is sensitive to caffeine get a dark dark coffe and drink it, stay away from espresso's also a rock star will do the trick too. this will help your body to stay more active and your metabolism to send out of your body the alcohol but to instantly remove alcohol i would not have an answer for this one of instantly."
"maybe they think it's more plausible if they back it up with a bible quote. maybe they don't have an opinion, just what's written down for them."
because the muslim have load of kid and they force very young child to study and remember the koran ----unfortunately at the expense of learning anything else to broaden their horizons--. all religion is bad news
"honestly, misery love company. they're probably being jerk because they are miserable. be happy that you are not."
"depression, low self-worth, lack of education about how to eat. most people are not taught on how to eat healthy. they just succumb to the daily barrage of advertising to eat whatever they want."
you know i get that alot and sometimes it last for day and once a month...drove me crazy. . but it a nerve haveing a spasm causing the muscle to jump
"quality food, fast, accurate and friendly service in a clean environment for a quality price. because that is what mcdonalds stand for."
she never wa a prostitute. the patriarchal society that prescribes what we should learn didn't want a woman to be important so they had to discredit her.
that reminds me of when i wa trying to organize a choreography in college. my advice stay cool and team play. you might be the director that doe not mean that you have to know everything...take suggestion from your team mates. best of luck
in this particular instance they mean fresh or unprocessed. but alfresco mean to dine out of doors.
"prison break, in my opinion. of course that could be because it is filmed in chicago and us a lot of regular chicago people a background actor in it. i have been used in a couple of episode myself. and i do agree, the actor are cuter!"
tell me about it! it people like them that make me ashamed to be british! i purposely avoid holiday resort that attracts alot of brit yobs.
"for linda..... if dinasours wa before man, i thought god made everything all in 1 week. what gives? that story just isn't jiving.....please elaborate"
"from what wa written it not witchcraft but a religion that wa nature based, similar to the early native american religions. it has/had numerous ceremony thanking nature but it is difficult to tell because the celt did not use a written language"
"did you mean ""palais de glace""? if so, it is an argentinian museum of art in buenos aires.. . ""champs elysees"" were originally the elysian field in paris-a very fashionable place to 'stroll' in the 1600s. it is now one of the most famous street in the world--lined by tree and fountain leading to the arc de triomphe--an arch commissioned by napolean to celebrate the french army."
"i dont know, why dont you?. dont you love the religious spewing their faith at you. i knew what you were saying"
"i consider the average ""nigerian"" to be a starving family with skin and bone children. he contries ruler i percieve a evil and corrupt, greedy..."
"entertainment, like lord of the rings, harry potter, and all of those similar things.. . side effect is to make them very wealthy. it did make people think a little bit too, which is nice."
because the roman government thought he wa a threat. they thought that he wa going to cause a revolt.. . any claim that it wa a plot by the pharisee are historically unsound. there is no evidence that the roman governor listen to or cared what the pharisee had to say so they could never influence his decision.
"what make you think that somebody capable of correctly answering that question, like a paleontologist that actually worked on such fossils, would be on answer and would actually explain it to a dumbass like you?!??"
"not all of them do. some are just plain hypocrite - that is their fault, not the bible's."
"find a penny and pick it up. all the day you will have good luck.. . tradition, and probably the poorest people needed the most luck."
"because ""special kids"" have to indefinitely. and be lucky you don't have it so bad"
"most people are more ready to learn something about change in their teenage years. sociologist can volunteer their time or work a teacher to help kid develop properly, and lead by example. a such, sociologist should also ensure that they are practicing what they preach. eventually, the seed of change will be set, and grow to a much more fruitful and educated community."
bacon don't have a side affect on me. i love the stuff.
it a big program and the image take a while to load.. . give it some time.
"noordwijk is avery charming beach resort. i do not live far from it and enjoy to visit it, summer and winter. for more info, click the link!"
because all your muscle relax to their most elastic state when you're asleep. the sphincter muscle ha a naturally clenched state but it's not nearly a tight a when you're awake and consciously trying to keep your wind internal.
"maintaining confidence ha to go beyond certain situations. under all circumstances, she's a human with flaw and beauty and everything that you have. how can you not be comfortable when you think about her humanness?"
"they are considered a a delicacy and reported to be an aphrodisiac. they are also difficult to grow increasing scarcity value. in short, they are mushroom with college educations."
"culture in tropical region eat spicy food because it make them sweat and sweating cool them off. also, because historically spice were used to preserve food in hot climates. that's why all the country with spicy food are close to the equator (thailand, india, the caribbean...)"
i take it you have never had great sex. enough said.
exorcism is what the bible call casting out demons.. anybody who wa baptized in the holy spirit can cast out demon a long a they cast out in jesus name. i've witnessed two
"some people can't handle difference within a group. prejudice is created by many out of fear of the unknown, fear of differences, envy or jealousy. very sad really..."
sometimes with experience! most men will choose to learn from experience.
believe it or not barefeet are a sign of sexuality. men generally find a barefoot woman sexy!
"glucose the primary simple sugar used by most animal and humans. the effect from drink like lucozade are rapid because glucose doe not have to be digested, just adsorbed, so the energy rush is very fast.. glucose is used a fuel in the cell to make energy. well regulated, it doe not harm. unregulated, it lead to all of the side effect listed for diabetes."
"you're kidding, right? this is the best question you could come up with?"
so you learn to follow orders. and work in group
"christianity itself wa a threat when it first emerged. the roman patrician disliked the alien idea permeating their society and the emperor nero caught the tide of public opinion when he blamed the christian for burning rome, the rest is history...."
"because you are childish, but don't worry, that's why they like you. . please answer some of my other question a well. i've got two other open question that i posted before my latest 5 so remember to check those to out a well if you want to"
"corona with salt and lime...dunno why, just wa the one i always drank. it's pretty popular here by the border in san diego."
"you could argue france ha a rich tradition of people's revolution and the french youth feel they're not being listened to and powerless.. . or maybe it's just their version of football hooliganism, people latching onto hte cause to have an excuse to cause trouble"
"because parent have decided to just give them everything they want, so they grow up thinking that they are entitled to everything and have to work for/give back nothing. the parent think that giving them everything make up for refusing to make any time for them, since the parent are too busy with their careers, social life and keeping up with their crowd to care about their kids. and some grow up knowing all about thing like welfare and other type of public assistance, and just feel that the taxpayer can support them once their parent don't anymore."
"that is strange because you would thing that god would let everyone see especially non-religious people. maybe if these people saw a miracle or whatever you wanna call it, they might change their ways? so umm good question i don't know."
i think it is a clever eye you have.who know you might have something. know one know for sure what will come to be. keep up the thinking........kudos
"christmas and easter are the two most revered season in the catholic liturgical year.while the church requires that weekly church attendance is best, perhaps some people think birth and death are reason worthy of celebrating and better that celebration than nothing at all. it's like an exercise plan for the new year that peter out after a month. of course that is when they can show off their new clothes.oh no'"
"mean that your nose itches, and need to be scratched. wtf."
ćuprija is a turkish origin word. now day it is used mostly in bosnia or in some part of serbia and only for small bridges.
"easter is a springtime holiday that celebrates resurection, that is the re- rising of something ""dead"". fertility, rebirth, and new growth are all associated with the spring.the easter bunny is a manifestation of what happens when two beleif systems,paganism and christianity (as well a consumer culture)collide. rabbit are strongly associated with fertility so the easter character required by a consumer culture ha been cast a a rabbit who go around delivering eggs( fertility symbol again)"
"in an ideal world, it is to be fair to both the victim and perpetrator. it is supposed to be a teaching tool for the offender and give closer and acknowledgment to the victim. i do not believe that the death penalty ever doe this. death is never going to teach the offender anything."
they eat much. they're obese. they can survive only a little. fat people are mostly vulnerable.
"indianness is a sense of indian nationality, individuality, a feeling of self pride that we are citizen of india, it mirror our identitiy togather a indian irrespective of caste, creed, colour, difference in language etc. and i am proud to say that i am a indian.. . jai hind"
i think it ha to do with the sugar content. i always prefer ice cream when it's cooler instead of on warmer day too.
"happiness is ......a box of crayon ,eating some ice cream, singing a song!!!!!"
you might want to learn to love yourself more. when you love and accept yourself... there's little to no room to criticize others. in fact all women/girls i know who really love themselves and have high self-esteem never talk s**t about others.... . just let others be and do what they will.
emotion keep u alive. it's the same thing that give you the feeling to live and be happy.
bought some once in the indian market. it wa sort of purplish-bluish-black in color.
"okay you can survive sometimes if it is several hour old, but the conventional understanding is 2 hours. after that, salmonella and other food-bourne illness can begin to infect the meat. to further protect yourself, get a thermomiter, a very under-rated kitchen tool. chicken should be cooked to an internal temerature of 170 degree f and reheated to 165 degree to be sure all internal bacterium are killed."
"this is the part of the conversation where i say ""get what?"", and then everyone point and laugh at my expense.. . so original, geoff.. . this, plus your recent question defaming the french, a well a identifying bathroom issues, are loud cry for help."
"europe's pretty expensive especially for americans. u need to head to eastern europe for cheap destination bulgaria,romania, hungary, poland, avoid scandinavia like the plague- very high cost of living."
it's not bad. the temp is like 70 - 75 degree and it's a little cloudy but other than that it's perfect.
"it is always sunny with the occasional tropical rain. during the summer, and especially in august it get extremely humid and stay very hot. the temperature range from about 80-90 degree in the day (maybe a little hotter) and probably 65-75 in the night. it is beautiful there all year around."
"many ""religions"" or cult require member to do weird stuff, like wearing funny hats, scarves, clothing, etc., to keep the people suppressed so they won't be bothered with thought or the thinking process.. . btw mormons, ldss or whatever you prefer to call them, are growing at a rate faster by % than any other cult."
"i m not a muslim............ but still i think that islam iz the best religion. . i got to this point by reading book abt mohammad,,,islamic history and brief abt quran........... . islam is really sumthing spirtual....... cz i have met muslim and they r always ready 2 die 4 islam......"
"two part of vodka, one part of kahlua or tia maria. with ice in a tumbler glass. like a white russian? add some cream."
i believe it wa sold to the dane by the russian in 19th century. kev.
"take multivitamins, they will make you feel hungry all the time and help you pack on the pounds. good luck!"
"security, cleanliness, greenery, technological advancement, healthcare, value of the dollar. we're ranked rather high on a few lists. might wanna find out about those list and probably have an ideo of the pulling factor."
"because we are programmed by television and the mass medium to be in awe of them. look at the violence, evil, and cruelty.. . plus, our society is becoming lazy."
"a cog train is a train that us a cog wheel to go up mountains. the wheel in on the bottom of the train in the middle, and there is an extra track between the rails. this give the train extra traction when going up steep hills. it work the same way a a roller coaster going up at the beginning of the ride."
"the religion that most american follow, or try to follow, is a capitalist religion. you try to get a much a you can, and you don't worry too much about others. when you start to feel guilty, you go to church on sunday, then go back to your capitalist religion on monday."
"borodin's donkey is a philosophical argument against free will. a donkey, placed equidistant between two bale of hay ha no basis for choosing one over the other and end up starving to death."
you need to dry it out then crush it into a fine powder. you can also use carbon & water or india ink.
"put them on a cookie sheet in the oven at the lowest temperature, crack the oven door to allow moisture to escape, leave them in there overnight because it will take several hours. or you can sun dry them in an aluminum pan."
"i think the key might be in the slow cooking...... a far a the skin is concerned, i like to rub the potato in olive oil and cover with seasoning (anything you like, or just seasoned salt is okay) and then poke all over with a fork or icepick and wrap in tin foil. i cook on 350 for a long time....checking every once in a while....but it doe take 45-60 minutes."
"""eyes: to keep one's eye peeled mean to be alert, observant. this seems an odd phrase, but date back to the 1820s in britain, when sir robert peel established the first ogranised police force.the officer were known a 'peelers, or 'bobbies'. they were expected to be particularly observant and to keep their eye 'peeled', after their founder's orders! of the two popular names, only 'bobby' survives."""
"summer!! first, because there is no school, second because my birthday is in the summer!"
"i live in sf and there only seem to be a few real hippy left here. most of them have grown up and had their own families, while others died young from too many drugs. there some pseudo hippies, which are kid in their teen and 20's who pretend to be hippies, but they don't even know what the hippie movement wa about. they still live with their parent and they drive volvos."
"take the 1 or 82 vapperetto in direction rialto from san zaccaria to san marcuola, walk north and east through the alley to rio terra san leonardo (wide street/market). walk north up calle de robbia, follow it to ghetto nuovo"
"i agree that you can use earth balance a a substitute for the butter (some margarine have milk fat or other animal ingredients) and you can use soymilk in the same proportion a the milk. if you don't like soymilk, there is also oat milk, almond milk, and rice milk. for sweets, almond milk and oat milk taste best."
"oil pastel have oil in them, they can be disolved with turp. chalk pastel don't stick to the paper a much, their color will transfer to anything layed on top of them and they can be smudged much more than oil pastels. oil are more opaque."
being pentecostal myself i dont believe in wearing makeup but all of the pentecostal doctrine is going to be up to the new convert coming into the church. if god put these thing on your heart not to do then you dont do them. it is very simple. in other word it is up to the person whether or not to wear makeup.
"really, who doe that? if you're fat, you know it, i know it, and chair you're sitting in really know it."
"between the positive and negative space of my taser, this tends to neutralize the negative aspect of our conversation. then we all can agree to disagree in a positive setting of peace and tranquility."
"the phrase is ""preaching to the choir."" it mean that the person you are talking to already agrees with you, so you don't have to convince them of your viewpoint. they are ""in the choir"" and already agree with the ""preacher."""
"i don't know if man's soul is ""really"" using his body, but i know that in my case, i let my spirit ""use"" my body.. . i don't always succeed in subjecting my body to the discipline imposed by my spirit, but i think the exercise and attempt to do so make me stronger.. . i had the idea from one of seneca's powerful statements: ""most powerful is he who ha himself within his power."""
"i have worked at colonial williamsburg for 32 years. they have a logo of a ""w"" superimposed over a ""c"" which is their hallmark for their approved reproduction of the item in their extensive collections. they don't put it on any genuine antique though."
lol if you can find a country to let you take a trip to the moon. i know you can not do it in the u but other country let common people go for like million of dollars.
"bake in the oven at 250 or thereabouts, watching to make sure that they don't burn. put in a towel and rub like mad...hopefully skin will come off, but they're notoriously hard...good luck"
"a simple solution is to make another layer on top made up of some white (or background) colored line and shape that eats into lines, text and images. that way, you can remove it if need be later."
"standing up to bully is necessary because they are coward at heart. a good rule to keep in mind is that everyone look for a victim, but no one look for an opponent. if the bully receives little or no resistance, then he or she may continue to do the bullying, but getting resistanace tends to entail a challenge. even if resisting the bully is not immediately successful, sooner or later the bully will get the hint."
logic is making sense of every day events. it's the way people behave based on rule created by them to serve the society. it's relevance almost to every field. logic tell u how to interact with a particular field and make u of it.
they are on mission to spread the gospel rain or shine. only extreme weather will make them stay inside.
"it usually depends why you are saying it. oprah doe not like the ""n"" word even when the brother use it a a friendly gesture.. i guess it depends on who you are. this word can hurt your feeling if said in a cut down way."
"first click on your left mouse button and it says. put picture , then when you click on it it give you all the picture you have on your computer.. and click on the one you want and there you have your. picture."
"for a couple of people it is probalbly cheapest to take the victoria clipper from downtown seattle. for a carload, cross the border at blaine, drive to tsawwassen and take the ferry to swartz bay."
i don't think a a country that we ban books.. . a particular school district or library may ban books.
"i wouldn't know, mine doesn't stay full for long. ;). . but it doe sound prudent to empty it when you get hoem from your event, rinse well w/ water, and let air-dry, preferably in a sunny window."
no. don't believe so. or at least you're still using your computer fine ain't ya!
look on the opposite side of the wheel.. . yellow - violet. orange - blue. red - green
to be happy and to make others happy. that's it.
lost!!!!! because it ha a lot of twist and turn to this show....dimples
"when god created adam, he breathed into his nostril and adam became a living soul. it is simply a life. when someone dies, they no longer have a soul, they are dead."
"yersinia pestis wa the bacteria that caused the black plague. flea spread it, not mosquitoes."
"rain, rain and more rain in september and october. just this past october, we had rain that flooded the entire pacific coast from costa rica to guatemala. this is not uncommon by any mean to have day on end of rain.. the highland at that time though can be more clear a the caribbean front keep the pacific front from coming over the mountain range."
"we're here because we're the product of an unthinking, undirected natural process - evolution. that being so, there is no purpose to our existence other than what we ourselves choose."
"sintiendo is a verb,is spanish, mean to feel, feeling.. . ""yo siento"" (i feel).. ""tu sientes"" (you feel)."
"i believe that this come from when building were heated with steam. their were pipe that would take steam from the boiler and transport it to the radiator that were in each room. you had to be careful not to touch the pipe (or the radiators) because they were ""piping hot""."
who the hell are you? the fbi? you're not getting shyt out of me copper...
"take a look at exchanger's profile and you know he is not into art!. kaldenkirchen is located at the german/dutch border and golden time is a club/brothel in venlo, netherlands."
"it enabled more black to be up north than might otherwise be, thus increasing the potential size of the union army with le risk of the confederacy stopping their slave from joining the union.. . that's the logical answer."
stick your tongue in the socket to make sure the bulb go in smoothly and that should do it.you silly girl i know you knew that!!!
"it is another name for the one world govrnment that will be headed by the antichrist. from this will come the elimination of modern currency, and countries, and religion. it is portrayed a peaceful and promising but it is the stage for evil."
i heard this morning that it's a tradition that predates christianity. it ha something to do with egg being a symbol of life.
sometimes it is necessary to distinguish what you see on television or the movie from reality. the only thing i can think of is that what you refer to a wand may actually be a walking stick or a cane.
"it will probably be optioned for more if it is a best seller. i think the best way would be to get in contact with the author and his or her agent, who would be responsible for negotiating all the author's right on the book (including film, translations, etc.)."
"you sound like a tagline for mtv's the real world.. . well-- in the real world, there is no god.. . so, acknowledge that fact, process the information, stand on your own two feet, and start to be real.. . good luck!"
s - sleep with anyone for something other than money. . w - sleep with anyone for a price
"well, guess i have a habit of that. but it is explainable. stand at-ease at boot camp graduation ceremony for four hour straight......great lake"
left hand good. hold fork. able to nourish body. mmmm good.
"when i see a hispanic person i just think of them a hispanic, i know hispanic from venzuela, panama, and brazil. ignorant people think that all hispanic are mexican youll have to excuse their ignorance. ignorance is bliss. your boyfriend shouldnt get mad at somebody el stupidity."
"i m jordanian born arab, currently living in saudi arabia. i wish u all the best for joining idf, god(allah) may bless u."
"put them in the fridge before they cool to avoid bacterial contamination. the ""no warm food in the fridge"" thing is a myth."
"they are all correct. god and his angel can be considered extra-terrestrial becuase their ""kingdom"" is not from this world, which is what jesus (the messiah) told his disciple and pilate. darwinism doesn't disprove the bible no more than the bible disproves darwinism. sure the world wasn't created in six days, but doe that really dissprove the bible."
"mistress lacey is the best dominatrix, because she is for real, care about her submissives, offer a great price and doesn't cheat you on your time. she is intelligent, strict, sensual, and very experienced. she ha great legs, great costume and shoes...she respect limits, adheres to safety guidlines for bdsm play, us a safe word, and is very discreet...what else could you ask for???"
the only true living is in jesus christ. that's where i found life. this world cannot bring you happiness...and if it doe then it is only temporary. jesus christ is eternal life and happiness.
"ifit is post 17th century your best bet is to find an atqiues aprriaser, often found at antqiue auctionhouses. older sword require a specialist, in qhich case a local meusem might know someone who can appriase it. most meusems need to have an appsiaser look at thier artifact for isurance and tax purpose on occasion"
"before cutting the onion, remove your eye from your head and put them somewhere safe, like in the fridge or in bag. when you're done cutting the onion; replace (you may need help finding them again)."
"you mean why don't we have them in our kingdom halls? all of our construction and work is done by voluntary donation and when we build the kingdom hall we do them in a ""quick build"" where it go up and is finished in 48 hours, so to cut the cost and to be able to to rapid construction we don't put in windows. many people have misconception and different idea but contrary to what many think we don't do anything wierd just go to any of the kingdom hall and see for your self."
"that phrase is for the post office. that means, if you don't live there anymore, they want it returned so they can take you off the list."
"generally people who say they believe in christ and who say that they are christians, who use the bible a at least part of their scripture , and whose history connects back in some way to other christian denomination can be fairly described a christians. so mormon and jws and christian science people are christian in my opinion."
"it mean that no matter what course of action one takes, one cannot win. doe that make sense?"
"short or shortening refers to the amount of fat you put into the mixture. if it ha a lot of fat, then it is called ""short"". the word come from the old english ""sart"" meaning someone who wa too short and fat to be a viking."
they try to judge a book by it cover. just be yourself and let god be the judge.
"i've never flown air india express. in general i appreciate the place low fare airline play but i'm usually wary of them. unless they have new plane like jetblue, i feel more comfortable paying more and going on a standard airline."
"not at all. death is inevitable and a long a i am here, i am just going to enjoy myself. i have no fear a to ""what lie beyond"" a i maintain a strong spiritual ( not religious ) relationship with the universe and accept everything that come my way a a gift from the divine :)"
"literally it mean ""extra"". it is used to refer something which is extra or not needed at least for the time being. or may never be used."
"to me being a gay guy if i want to send the""vibe"" there are a few thing that usally work for me. 1. reading body language i.e , how they walk , sit , stand... ect. 2. intense eye contact i.e most of the time if there gay and they know that ur gay you make eye contact because straight men dont like holding eye contact with another guy for too long because it feel to intamate. 3. falunt your self i.e the way you walk, talk, sit, stand,...carry ur self let him know that your gay...maybe shake ur as a lil...lol"
"rhythm, cadence, allusion, tone, mood, style.... . one thing though that seperates a good poem from a great poem... one that move the reader.. . you can write freestlye, or a haiku, but if it doesn't make me feel anything, you've just wasted the reader's time."
"i'm not sure, i've got relative who've never talked about religion & went to church very rarely but a soon a they were 'born again', which typically happened because their partner or best friend ha done it, they all become religious & constantly talk about god & try to convert you.. to them i say: ""thanks, but no thanks!"".. and ""don't ask again please!"""
"teach them? heck, he didn't even tell adam and eve they were nekkid, they had to find out by accident! (with maybe a hint from a certain reptile who shall remain nameless.)"
bonafide redneck....mississippi. arkansas is a close second.. inbred.....kentucky hand down.. some of u tennessean are pretty backwoods a well depending on how far northeast you travel. lol.
to reproduce. that is probably one of the very few thing that connects all living organism on earth.
"my opinion is that we live in a time when people think they are entitled to things. i'm not sure why this is so, but it is my observation."
it is so simple!. when you see that somebody need help and you are able to do it -- just do it :-)
liquid codine or vicodin and welch's grape. that cough syrup shit for pussy
"men are sexual woman are emotional.. . woman love sex, dont get me wrong ladies, but woman are more emotional about that stuff. but if you are literally looking at there tit-s or as-ses while your talking to them, don't do that crap. woman want respect, even if a girl looked at our crotch while talking to us, we'd like it, but thats cause were more sexual by nature."
"the bible is a very good tool to use in argument if you don't really want to think too hard because it's pretty easy to find whatever passage in there to suit your need if you need to pull something out. seeing a how it's a pretty popular book, it's not that bad an idea.. . there are people out there who actually take time to study it and figure out things, but those kind of people seem more rare these days."
"in the u it wa the seventy a it wa the decade that changed the entire way of thinking. racism and bigotry were taking into account and people wanted to harmonize with each other. in the philippine it wa the 80's because it wa the decade the marcos regime wa exposed for what it wa and he wa deposed. it gave the filipino their freedom, though i can't say they are free right now with the current dictator to be that you have running your country."
your what i call an ironic racist. one of those people who is racist but is dating or married toa differently raced person... but you treat them like shit..odly..ive only ever seen girl do that...but then it rarely happens at all so i dont know
"this wa actualy started with the psychological advertising campaign. i personally think it bs, but they do that because it supposed to ""invoke a happy feeling"" so that you buy the watch. remember the old mcd's color of red and yellow? they changed because study found that the new color cause people to eat faster, getting them out of the restaraunt faster, allowing more people in...supposedly"
"gayatri mantra (the mother of the vedas), the foremost mantra in hinduism and hindu beliefs, inspires wisdom. it meaning is that ""may the almighty god illuminate our intellect to lead u along the righteous path""."
because you're grating carrot cake maybe and not bread!!???
"i don't feel battered it is they who choose to make there insult clear are the one who are battered. they are battered in many ways, no understanding, not wanting to understand, and most of all no compassion for there fellow man. but that shouldn't surprise you at all though if you have been reading lately that is what the devil do he ha so many people like that working for him that is why he feel he can go and do what he do. a for you don't you dare feel battered by them keep your faith and guard his word in your heart and keep moving, in the end they will have to answer to him and you know if they cannot answer his question you know where the next place they will be going, and that is the e ticket to you know where!"
"not that hard, start with sharp knife, lay fish on side, hold knife flat and start at backbone. good luck"
"a car can get you from one place to the next much more quickly than walking. however, it cost money to run a car. therefore and philosophically speaking, it's a way to convert money into time."
"a simple chemical reaction, baking powder is a mixture of sodium bicarbonate (a base) and cream of tartar (an acid). these compound coexist peacefully in their dry forms, but when moistened in the biscuit dough, they react, releasing carbon dioxide, a gas that cause the biscuit to rise."
"white noise is background noise that doe not follow any pattern, eg aircraft engine when flying or static on a tv set.. . it block out other noise - some people find it help them sleep."
"why do people touch bench that warn ""do not touch wet paint"". why do people invariably walk across ground that ask ""please do no walk on grass"". why doe everyone want to go down the road the say ""private do not enter"". i guess you call it human nature."
"we need to be very careful in distinguishing between legal with illegal immigration. we tend to generalize in our culture. yes they use some benefit they are not entitled to but they also buy good and pay sale taxes, they help american make money , and to be honest an american wont ever work picking oranges, but the medium doesn't talk about that, their figure don't take that into consideration..in this country it very easy to manipulate public opinion.. i think that we are afraid of illegal immigration (mexicans are just half of them, no body talk about them, but how ever since we generalize so much mexicans) for many reasons: 1.-they don't try to adapt to our culture or do so very slowly (but we don't accept those who try either) 2.-most of them coming here have very little education and we assume they are criminal (yes they broke the law, but also by speeding you are braking the law and that doe not make you a criminal) 3.- there are too many of them and they will keep coming it inevitable (a wall--nonsense,military-nonsense) so we are so afraid because is something we will have to deal with either we like it or not..i think immigration should be allowed but controlled in a way that wont affect our economy."
red/brown feathered hen have brown eggs. white feathered hen lay white eggs. the egg from brown or white egg aren't different in anyway other than the color of the shell. the color of the egg yolk itself is determined by the diet of the hen.
it's to ward off the evil dream and spirits. hang it over yourself while you're sleeping and the badness get caught in the middle of the dream catcher. it originates from the american indians-hope that helps.
"the drinking age is younger in european countries. it's no big deal over there. also, the driving age is older than ours so there is le drunk driving; they've already got all that rebellious behavior out of them."
"gravy is high in calories. a for fish, they have mercury in them. too much fish can cause complication from mercury poisoning"
"quite a deep one here, i`ll try and answer with a quote for wont of a better answer. joseph stalin-""one death is a tragedy, a million is but a statistic"". . and a i`ve just read the second part, we live on in our deed and the memory of others."
"i don't know if this helps, but the distance from one corner of texas to the other is the same distance from that corner of texas to canada. just one of those useless bit of trivia that i have retained over the years."
"like god, the catholic church is a man-made organisation. a powerful tool with which to guide (rule). a they ram their frightening take on religion down your throat of course many of the more gullible are going to accept it, they are scared witless, poor fools."
"no one is freer than what they allow themselves to be. freedom is truly what you make it. when you know your free, you are free. live life to the fullest and you will be free."
"i think that public transit if very important even in today's american society. public transit provides important transportation to people that are handicapped, college students, poor, or environmentally minded people. it is important for public trans to remain in america to help keep the american economy and infrastructure strong."
"im an auzzie, and ive never heard the phrase, but i will tell you, if you want to feed a kangaroo, particularly a big red fella, prepare to get the thrashing of your life. they are not cute a they are depicted, little one are mild mannered, but all have long razor claw on front and back feet, and massive muscle designed to kick each other with. the red one can be 8ft tall or more, so yeah, auzzies know, you dont feed kangaroos...we usually shoot em and eat em!"
"simply by being exposed to someone with it, when they are coughing. cough are basically a mist from your lung and when someone cough and you inhale the mist you can get whooping cough."
"that would be a prejudice. . that would also be a generalized, incorrect theory based on incomplete and particular information and should not be taken a an overall reality.. . also, nintendofreak2006 and moonchild69 should marry you."
no idea. i have not been dead. will tell you when i do.
"easter is the first sunday after the paschal full moon and the paschcal full moon is determined by the date of the first actual full moon that occurs after the vernal equinox (the first day of spirng).. . the date of the paschal full moon can differ from the date of the actual full moon by up to 2 day but will always occur between march 21 and april 18 and so easter sunday will fall on or between march 22 and april 19.. . these are the date for western easter sunday (wes), orthodox easter sunday (oes) can fall on different dates.. . this year wes is on april 16th and oes is on april 23rd, next year it will be 8th april for both wes and oes."
1. initiative is the power/ability to begin or follow through with a plan or task.. . 2. it mean standing on your own without the prompting or direction of others
"civil rights...just a when utah wa applying to become a state, polygamy wa illegal, so it had to be abolished for utah to gain statehood. god must have been paying attention, because it wa revealed to the prophet of the time that polygamy wa no longer necessary.. ***. dingobluefoot, is that your picture? i thought you weren't supposed to wear such tops...modesty and all (no offense, just curious)."
i like sierra nevada. because it's not a big brand and it taste good.
"the paradox we must consider is that tiramisu is actually a culinary error. some culinary art student/apprentice messed up bigtime in a hotel kitchen. the chef de cuisine could not tolerate his food cost bonus being compromised, so he doctored up the mess with coffee-liquer, added some spongecake named it after his mother's family name. really, there is no correct method for this peculiar confection."
"i find it easiest to use a boxed mix, just follow the instructions. then i get white icing in a can divide it into small bowl and add food color then just let your artistic juice flow. good luck and have fun!"
"mormon are asked not to watch r-rated movie because of the inappropriate content in them. that would be why your boyfriend wouldn't watch certain movies. nothing's 'up' it's their belief and if you don't like it, no one's forcing you to accept them. just live and let live, savvy?"
"the more qualified a person you are, the better your odds such a a college degree, what kind of job you hold, all the kind of thing that would make you a more 'qualified citizen' for america. first off you would need a visa to visit, and then obtain a green card, lastly you can gain citizenship, are you hoping to become a permanent u resident/citizen?"
"a far a the basic technique goes, it is pretty much the same: you plie, releve, and the turn are the same (like attitude turns), and most of the jump are the same. the main difference is in distribution of body weight: much more to the ground. in classical ballet, the body is up-right, but in modern it is forward, back, to the sides...just everywhere."
islam mean peace but terrorist spell it piece. their moto is kill everybody into thousand piece if they are not muslims.
merely a term of endearment. like saying hey baby or sweetie. it's the hip hop version.
"police don't always eat donuts. that is just in movies... but many people like donut so it make sense if you see one eating a donut, other people eat them too! oh, and i know a police officer who hate donuts."
"the expression coup de grâce (sometimes coup de grace) mean ""blow of mercy"" in french, and is used to describe the death blow intended to end the suffering of a mortally wounded creature. it is used figuratively to describe the last of a series of event or act which brings about the end of some entity"
"everybody else that replied is right, but there is one thing they didn't mention. since scurvy can be prevented with a high intake of vitamin c, lime traveled well on older ships, and the british, and because the british capitalized on that fact to keep their sailor healthy, british sailor became known a 'limeys' all over the world."
"well my friend, look like you and i are on the same boat. haha...we're screwed. but really though....i think if you just keep up a long term friendship eventually something will happen."
"african-american is a politically correct term for black people, you need to look back at the history on how black people were called before becoming p.c. term.. . generation ago, black people or black slave are capture in africa and sold a slave by the white people, they were called slave, but a degratory remark or name were used to called these black people, there were called negro, which is the earliest name used before nxxxxr were derive from this.. . a america become more civil with human right and equality laws, black protest and civil right movement, the term slowly evolve to african-america to denotes the black people came from african origin but are now american citizen."
"usually when woman put their makeup on in the car is because they are late for wherever they have to be and have to do ""touch-ups"" while in transit...this is not only dangerous, but i have seen many accident occur because of this practice...what is worse is that three people (in my neighborbood) lost their life due to these accidents....it is an irresponsible thing to do and people who practice this dangerous habit should be ticketed...what's even more tragic, these fool are not only putting on the make-up, but are talking on their cellphone a well.....stupid! stupid! stupid!....."
step 1) you must find a job with a company who will 'sponsor' an h1b visa for you. step 2) your new employer (sponsor company) then file your h1b application. step 3) your visa application is approved by the u immigration bureau. step 4) you can start work for your new employer (h1b sponsor company) in the usa.
"it's very easy. you'll get most of the courier service like fedex/dhl/ups etc. just go to any of their outlet. don't worry much, they r gonna fix all the official documents, you don't need to go through any custom checking."
"you've got to hit the library. take your books, grab some food and become a mole in quiet section."
"i believe to do god will. still not sure exactly how though. i am stuck in old way and am starting to really want to change, but some thing are harder than others."
i used to live in bermuda and it wa extremely humid. i had to use 1/4 teaspoon more vinegar.
"maybe it make them feel rebellious and like they are expressing themselves. choosing a style isn't the same a choosing friends. i'm not saying it right to avoid a group of people for something like skin color, nationality, etc. but...teenagers are just learning to be who they are and understand where they fit in...sometimes they have a hard time accepting people they don't readily identify with."
"contact holly marie combs, some how. but if you don't mind being an extra in any new movie, with out specifying preference, contact an agency. or if you see a classifed ad that say something about becoming a n extra and that the company will be taking sign ups at the mall, go find it at the mall!"
"i suppose it depends who you buy your insurance from, different company cover different things. i believe th company i use for my trip cover theft, but you have to file a police report and use that a proof. otherwise, they really have no way of telling what really happened."
he didn't know they existed. he wa human. it wasnt untill all his deciples were gone that the nt book were writen. so they must have made up quite a bit of the story.
"the acid in the lemon juice denatures some of the protein in the chicken, making it more tender. plus, it taste good!"
"yep.. the ""holiday"" wa coined on ""seinfeld"" a a non-religious holiday.. instead of a tree or menorah, the holiday ornament wa a silver pole.. quite a funny episode."
there are radical in every religon. the majority which are peaceful do not make newspapers.... the muslim relgion doe not inherently teach war.. it ha been perverted into many sect like many other religons
thanks for caring about us.. i am find and what about you?
"m(a)sterbate alone with noone else in home...if all of a sudden it get cold then thats a horny spirit.... . also,i would advise you to stop...get the house blessed.. otherwise,your house could get messy,clothes will begin to disappear,half bitten food in refrigerator,unflushed toilets,bloody nose on tissue and all that stuff........"
"taco bell and kfc. i know it bug me, too. but i'm on a diet so i don't need that stuff anyway!!!"
"it's the idea that the actor on the show can't get another successful gig on any show that they come up with or just star in. and unfortunately, it seems to be true so far."
honey and lemon work to!!. actually....this wa my 6th grade science project for the science fair!!
"i am so sorry to say that today one must rely solely on thier own four sens for the truth, i agree with you. there are so many scam going around that to believe what one really doesn't know is truth is a risky thing to do. research, research and research, and then just for the heck of it, research it again."
"the greek alphabet influenced the roman or latin one and it in turn influenced the western alphabet. there is no english alphabet, technically"
this is an shortened term for the dispoistion of someone in combat.there are three term actually.. . p.o.w=prisoner of war. m.i.a.=missing in action. k.i.a=killed in action
"rub baby oil on your hands, paying special attention to the stained areas. add a little water and a lot of soap and scrub, then rinse. i just experimented with my on my three kid a few minute ago and it worked!"
if you expect a real answer write a real question. people think the earth will last forever no matter what they do to her and they're right. she will kick u all off and go about her business.
"retailers. some would start selling christmas -themed item at a discount in july, and later, it turned into any generic sale fest in july, became called christmas in july."
the adrenaline rush....builds character....increases manifold of different and original experience making you a more interesting person....surviving to tell about craziness that others are too cowardly to try...... . i could go on and on.
what type of id are you referring to?. thank you
"it's because when thing go sour, it mean that bacteria is growing in them. bacteria need water to multiply, so if the milk is powdered, it's dry and the bacteria can't grow in it. but, a soon a you add water, then they can start growing. hope that helps!"
well i sure cant argue with that.. . but i dont have any opinion yet.. doe that help?
contact the australian embassy to find out how many point you get for your circumstances. you may be surprised!
"well if you were the one to end the marriage she is probably still hurt which make her bitter. if that's the case unless she get help she will hold that bitterness forever and you will never be able to do anything right. when a marriage end if both party did not agree, one is bound to hurt more. if the kid are old enough perhaps you can talk to them about convincing her to get some help so she can move on with her life and find some hapiness."
"the most important one is the ability to join with and recognize the divine spark within. after that, there are many important powers: healing, discernment, prophecy, etc. yes, the power of love, learning, compassion and so forth also come from the divine within. but then, once you see it, everything come from the divine within."
"tradition my friend, tradition. plus it taste better than mutton."
hey it a paycheck. colin is very talented but he is not classically beautiful.
"actually, many language are spoken with much le mouth opening or lip movement than english. when i teach esl pronunciation, one of the thing i have to get student to work on is opening their mouth more and making the lip shape that are used for english."
"bible- but you knew i would say that i guess. the bible when read, can make people life change. . this mean everlasting life, their taking in knowledge of you, the only true god, and of the one whom you sent forth, jesus christ.”—john 17:3, nw.you need to read the bible, then act on what you have learned to be getting that accurate knowledge."
"because easter is a pagan holiday to celebrate the spring equinox, and is devoted to the sun (hence it fall on sunday). judaism (and hence christianity) originated in polytheistic practices, including passover and easter."
"i agree that a taxi is a good option. the ballpark really isn't all that far from the airport, for one thing, and using a taxi (rather than bus, if a bus is even really an option) let you control your schedule. welcome and enjoy!"
"in islam, muslim are allowed to buy slave in order to free them but, muslim are not allowed to own a slave; thus, there is a large portion of hadith teaching how-to set a slave free totally to prevent him or her to be re-enslaved by someone (of course, that includes giving the individual money and clothings, possible job and educations, and a solid documentation that the individual is not a slave to any men, except to god...these how-to's are out-dated in this day and age however).. . thank to the modern anti-slavery law and hamanitarian movements, muslim bussinessmen no-longer need to travel around the world and trying to free a much people in enslavement a their income allow. oddly, islamic nation never actually have slaves, they freed slave but, for child who were slave -- the muslim free them after their adulthood, after their education (usually very good ones: in language, in arts, in theology, in bussiness and/or diplomatic studies, and sometimes martial art which eventually made some into general in armies), while the christian nation of the usa in it early historical records, stated american owned slave (of course, it wa later stated and admitted a wrong deed by american christians)."
"very painfully.... . they probably used the same setting technique a today, just more crudely"
"wedding singer style a in the ""i want to grow old with you"" song, and do it in a public place to show them how much you love them. only do this if you have guitar and singing skills."
"we (blacks) have to deal with being in the minority in many situation such a on the job, at school,etc. when you're constantly being in the minority you have to adapt to the dominant (white) culture because they won't adapt to yours. sometimes it's just nice and comforting to be around people who are from your culture and understand your culture and where you are coming from. this doesn't mean that we can't have friend who aren't black; i myself am friendly with people of different races."
"trust me... there are lesbian that men drool over,there are lesbian that are the best mothers, there are lesbian that are the best money makers, deal mongers, get the best car, they are ""real women"" because they're smart, sexy, adventurous, beautiful, strong sensitive, attuned to what's going on. they're like ummm... oh yeah... they're like woman in general except they're oops again you got me! they're woman"
"they will be to your house, ohhhhh yes, they will be. . . if you build it, they will come."
make sure you are looking all over hong kong in the appropriate place and if you find nothing than go to another city or country or something nearby or wherever you want and try out there but make sure you arent nervouse. good luck and god bless.
they are against anything that is capable of challenging their power base. the mason are a secular organization with nearly a much power a the church. in a few word they fear it challenge to there assumed authority.
king of jews. it wa their way of mocking jesus while he wa nailed to the cross.
"islam is a peaceful religion, but like any religions, it ha it fanatic who have decided that they know exactly what god wants, and that he ha to be against everyone who doesn't follow their religion. christianity ha historically had the same problem. (remember the crusades?)"
both have the same meaning; happiness. both heaven and paradise are where(ever) god is. i'm pretty sure it's a state of being; happiness
if you had sex with a member you are considerd there property but not a member. if you wanted to join you would have to be jumped in or prayed in depending on witch set you were wanting to join. but a slob will do u bad so fuck a slob sk aka bk for the white folk.
"use a sharp knife because if the onion are cut cleanly instead of slightly torn (because of a dull knife) they will release le of the chemical that make you cry. lighting a candle also help with this, i think it actually burn up that same chemical that make you cry. good luck, i hope this helps."
"yeats question whether leda inherited zeus's omniscience at the point of her rape, so that she learns the horror of the trojan war in advance. (leda wa impregnated by zeus a a swan and then gave birth to helen, famed for her beauty, who became the cause for the trojan war - ""the face that launched a thousand ships""). from that act of copulation stem many event - the sack of troy (""the burning roof and tower"") and agamemnon's murder by her wife (""and agamemnon dead"").. . search wikipedia for the illiad for a better understanding of the trojan war."
it's because of the name of jesus christ. jew in power and their atheistic friend hate christ.. . they can't stand anything christ related in society. it's pure hatred of christ and everything he is.
"drug go in and out of fashion when there is a change in the quality, quantity or price. it could be that there is more blow around, it's purer that the stuff you played around with when you were kid or it's suddenly very cheap (or very expensive if they want to look important which people who do blow often do)."
strech. there are excellent web site for beginner yoga and other form of exercise which you will find helpful - also - fitness channel on tv - a lot of yoga stuff in the very ealry aa.m. hours. go easy - never reach to the point of severe pain - - take a deep breath for the reach and exhale for a several second hold - the next round do the same thing but try to reach just a little tiny bit farther
"there are different kind of jealousy...and i think the bad,destructive kind stem from insecurity. the good kind of jealousy is the kind that keep u from making a serious mistake.what i mean by that is, to be jealous not of your husband, but of your marriage.if you are jealous of your marriage,you will not let anything come between you and your spouse..not arguements,space,another person,etc.... did this make any sense? lol!!"
you may be half way there>>>scary!. broomstick and a cat
a sense of for-boding. . a feeling that something bad is going to occur
"socialization is the process by which human being or animal learn to adopt the behavior pattern of the community in which they live. for both human and animals, this is typically thought to occur during the early stage of life, during which individual develop the skill and knowledge necessary to function within their culture and environment. however, this also includes adult individual moving into an environment significantly different from one(s) in which they have previously lived and must thus learn a new set of behaviors."
"wow, that's inflamatory, and i wouldn't be surprised if this went away in a hurry, but the ancient greek held that it wa for men to be rational, and woman emotional. seperate area of expertise. perhaps you should get some tip on sensitivity from one of the female of the species, in return for your fine figuring skills."
"secretly tape record some of his conversation and play them back to him. i think people who swear think it make them sound sophisitcated and grown up, but i bet he'll be embarrassed to hear himself. he need a reality check."
"it all depends on the person doing the tattoo and the amount of time they put into the tattoo. if you're getting a custom full back piece, you best be tipping generously. if you're getting a piece of flash off of the wall (a butterfly on the ankle) then you can probably get away with a lower tip."
"ummm, i don't think it's a proper word in any language... don't quote me on that, though. however, i know that malagar is a city in spain, and a punjabi name... like malagar singh."
because my creator asked me to. isn't that enough to make you practice
"it's just the way it is...everytime your life get complicated it's because you need to learn something new that will help you later on. if you are wondering why your life is so complicated, think about people who have it worse then you, cause believe there are people in this world that would trade life with you without thinking about it twice."
rosetta stone look it up on the net. it's great. everyone including the government ha used it and achieved amazing results.
"there are several kind of dress that come under the umbrella of the kimono, but it depends on the season and the social circumstance. yukata is the common cultural dress for the summer and the heavier kimono come into play once the day darken and it get generally cooler. the hakama is the traditional farming dress from pre-meiji days, however. this is a more practical and austere version of the kimono."
"both country wanted control of north america.. the french just wanted the fur trade,while the british. wanted actual control of the land,with city and farms.. through sheer numbers,the british prevailed."
"pentecostal believe that god power ha not passed away on the earth, but is ever present in the time of need. we, i am one, believe in the baptism in the holy spirit which empowers you to live a christian life and be his witness. hope this helps, if not email me. god bless"
"your artist theme?....this is an old term, it hasnt got the meaning it used to have.....your theme isnt something you pick, it is a thing that developes over time,....one can call his or herself a ""portrait artist"" or a ""landscape artist"".......an ""abstract artist""....a ""historical artist"" a ""political artist"" (ie cartoonist).......these are all themes..........during your career a an artist, your patron will decide for you.......the history you personally develope is your ""theme"".......for instance, ""i am a known texas artist"" wont tell you my name but suffice it to say,.....your career will determine ""who you become a an artist"" and what your ""theme"" will be. wait til you have 1000 or more painting or drawing under your belt and then another 1000, you'll notice thing begin to change in how people think of you............i've got about 10,000 painting and drawing already past, sold or whatever,...thats alot of art,.....now people think of me a a ""texas artist"" and or a ""portrait painter"" and i dont even live in texas anymore......you can try and choose a theme,......landscapes or whatever but your market will determine (inevitably) what you continue to paint or draw because people want certain things, mostly this is what is known a ""the local effect"".....it sez,....""this is what the public wants""......and if you wanna eat each night, you'll paint or draw exactly that."
your soul is your heart and spirit. it make you love hate hurt. it make you cry laugh.
"the good is that the program challenge people to contribute more, not just money but time and effort and talents. the bad is that it tends to label people and pressure people into doing thing with which they aren't ready or comfortable.. . i hate to say it, but the engine that drive church to adopt this program is trying to get more money and involvement out of people. what i'm saying is that i believe the intention of the book is pure and honest but the intent of church is skewed."
"a in a contest or competition? it mean that the outcome is predetermined. because the people who are running the contest, etc., have manipulated certain thing to make sure that the person they want to win, will win."
"woman have turned them into submissive slob who cater to all there pc need and vain do i look fat attitudes!there is`nt a woman in the usa worth fighting for,japan and china still have good women. good luck!!!!!!!!!!!!"
then you couldn't ask this question. and i wouldn't get this 2 points.
"no, unfortunately most people take this way too seriously. too bad for them."
"from what i've googled.. the ceremony seems to be just a greeting into the church, maybe ask you a couple question infront of everybody.. but after that.. u start confirmation class - which sound like reprogramming to me. classes.. to join a church.. to get u thinking right cuz all the other religion have been tained by time"
"when you go out with a guy or give him your phone number....the ""rule"" is...he shouldn't/won't call you for 3 days. i guess this is to avoid looking desperate.. . there is also the ""3 date rule"" which is: the guy expects to get laid on the 3rd date/the girl shouldn't give it up until the 3rd date.. . pretty dumb if you ask me."
"chance are you overcooked it, remember that baked custard keep cooking after you take them away from the heat, that is why you need to take them off before they are done and let them sit for a bit because the inside will still cook. also, make sure that when you are mixing the ingrediants you add the vanilla and nutmeg to the milk, not the other way around, always want to add acid to milk or it will curdle."
i agree. i usually leave mine for at least a couple of days. sometimes i leave them so long i lose my chance to pick a best answer...
"actually, when compared to other mammals,without our skin or theirs, we look very similar. in fact we function simillary.. look at a bat and a human notice the fingers. it is very cool"
"house of god - it's also the name of my church, actually.. . look at gen. 28:19 and the surrounding story. most bible have a footnote about the word bethel, too. good name!"
by using subtraction. subtraction is the opposite of addition.
"maganari in island of ios. greece. the cleanest, most colourful na peaceful beach in the world. excellent!"
"firstly, if you have brought a single ticket and for some reason did not like your flight you are unlikely to travel with that airline again. secondly, most country will not allow you to enter unless you have a return ticket the airline know this and it is better for them to make it cheaper for you to get the return ticket required then have the opption of using a different airline when returning to your country."
"no, they definately do, and not just beer. plus i've been hearing lately, that drinking thing from aluminum can excessively, can cause stomach problems."
it is a chemical reaction called hyper-fromatation which is when the sodium from the salt contact a freezing substance (in this case ice).the magic thing is the freezing substance must be increasing in temp for fromatation to occur(the heat of your hand will increase the temp of the ice.this cause the water formed to superheat which is hyperfromatation. this is used a lot in surgery a an local aneshetic a it rarely cause permenant damage.
excellent question and i will answer . the toaster industry is in cahoot with the bread company so that u poor idiot that get busy making breakfast and accidentally bump the toaster setting on high burn the darn toast and have to use more bread.it's a conspiracy i tell ya !!!
"are you using the coconut flake that come in a bag found in the baking aisle?. . this is how i do mine put the coconut flake in a ziploc bag add a couple of drop of food coloring and shake the bag, if you want the color to be darker just add more color to it, when it's the color that you want spread the coconut in a cookie sheet and just let it dry for a few minutes. this is great when your making an edible grass."
"i live in portugal and the weather ha been unusually bad so far this year(like most of europe). however it ha been good for the last week or so 23/24 degree and once the weather break it usually stay hot & dry until november. it certainly won't be cold, but bring something warmer for the evening and an umbrella just in case!"
"blinkard- a person who fails to understand or perceive; stupid person.. . grandiloquent- pompous; stuck up.. . maleficent and malediction are quite poetic. so is ""unlovely"" if one ponders upon it for long enough."
"depends on the people you were brought up with. i lived with a bunch of ""ghetto"" folk and i speak ""ghetto"" when im with them. do you speak english when you go to france and expect them to understand you?"
a a health care worker all i can say is ask the government what they are doing with all the money from gst and our higher taxes.. our government doesnt think people are an important matter young or old or sick..just how much money will be lining there pocket from raise after raise .. and retirement package after only a few year of work.. i think i am in the wrong field...i better stop here i am a nurse and i think it is a total shame especially to our elderly people the way the government who say they are for the people.. i just wonder which people ???
the creame that is found in the milk contains white coloured fat. . rich in calcium contributes the white colour to the milk
"i'm not sure what it means, but i think it is something rude! i put it in google and i found it in some joke about turks.. . i will link to these site where if you post you are likely to get an answer quickly."
"scrub scrub scrub. peeling help, also use lemon juice and baking soda, they'll both take out a much a possible!"
"it mean that poor black people don't get a much of a say in our government a the rich white people living in the outlying areas.. . fyi: i'm white and rich and live in virginia. i think it is pathetic dc doesn't get a vote but ha to pay just a much tax. furthermore, they have lame school and lowsy road for the citizens, but somehow manage to be pothole free in the business district where all of the rich white folk go."
"burning witch to death is definiately sinful, always was. this wa done a an extremist act, not the written word of the bible. slavery is not forbidden in the bible, however, maltreatment of slave wa condemned in the bible. but, slavery is a social issue, not a spiritual issue, so the decision is up to the government."
"the torah is just the first 6 book of the old testament. the jew study the torah. the bible is all those books, plus the rest of the old testament, and the new testament.. . torah: genesus, exodus, leviticus, numbers, deuteronomy, joshua"
the distance is 219 mile / 352 kilometers. it take approximately 3 hr to drive one way.
"after the second world war the communist (i.e. russians) established a system of ""soviet colonialism"" in eastern europe. so the reason why hungarian disliked communist control were the same a those of the poles, czechs, and others: slavery and explotiation."
evaluate is to access what is given to you. (like rate it) comment mean to write your thought about the passage. discus mean to talk about the pasage.
"linguistically the word time is masculine. not too apparent in english because we don't usually use that, but in spanish the word ""el"" is assigned to masculine word and you say ""el tiempo"". in french you say ""le temp"" but a to why it is done that way i don't really know."
"use ""san diego county warrents and arrests"" a key word on an internet search. then type in the name. it public knowledge."
the same reason why black is writen first. like in (black & white)...what do u think?
oh i could be very cruel..i once told my shy friend son if he would ask the waitress out i would give him $50..he didn't do it..i then told him i'd give him $20 just to tell her she wa looking good today..he didn't do it..i'm sure he regretted not making a quick $75... i would go around daring people to do all kind of things.
"you can ""bake"" the jello in the sun (or somehow dry it). the moisture would evaporate and you would (or might get) a powdery substance if you scrap it. it would not be in it original powder form, no doubt."
in naswer to your question it because he really doesnt care about anyone down here gave up on them year ago they just havent realised it yet!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
fasting seems to be good for the crown chakra (energy center) and also for the health of the body.. . but you shouldn't kill yourself with fasting because it can be harmful and have reverse effects.. . you might practice it under the supervision of your meditation teacher.
i see where you are going with this. other previous answer do not.. . this ha to do with ford advertising to the gay population and an organizational boycott.. . america and our free speech are wonderful things.
"start by brain storming idea for a story just write a many idea down a you can. the next step is to explore these idea by noting down other idea that link. by doing this you will see what idea link to others and from there you can develop a story....write, write and then write come more when you are satisfied then you can edit and add fine to your story outline....write about what you know it help the flow and development"
benne mangement is when you are very very drunk and try to talk abour making money. similiar to benne ad-minstra-tra-tration and finans and monetary
i asked this question yesterday and got a lot of helpfull and funny answers. lya
it is the absolute truth. everything discussed in the book is undeniable fact. the church ha stolen the truth from the people for too long! jesus is the male part of a duality that involves mary magdelene.
"not knowing what you eat, i would say, drink more water. before every meal, drink a glass or two of water. this will fill you up, and make you healthier in the long run."
"because of the two law of thermodynamics. 1. nothing new is being created. 2. everything is going down hill, toward death and randomness. it not just a good idea, it the law."
"after some deep thought, i decided i dislike dishonesty the most, in others and in myself when i see it. if we cannot be trusted to tell the truth on a consistant basis, how can we ever hope that anything we say or do or stand for be taken seriously?"
"i would say practice, practice, practice and get into a music program at your local college. why is say this?? because i trying to be a classical concert pianist : ) good luck!!!!"
because i stepped on them... i hate those nasty little birds.
"easter started a a pagan holiday that celebrated the coming of spring and the fertility of land and animals.. the egg symbolizing both the rebith of plant and animal life.. the rabbit, being a highly fertile animal (mate like bunnies) adopted a the totem animal of the celebration. the name easter come from the teutonic goddess of the dawn: bede eostre."
i look forward to seeing the bible thumping answer that come from this question. the creationists always make me laugh.
"you could buy something like a sodastream. you have to buy the concentrate and gas cylinders, but should work out cheaper than buying the bottled product.. . hope this help =)"
"chuh yeah! every time you swear, it make baby jesus cry. we ran out of credit in the 70's."
"the idiom kicking the bucket come from a suicidal technique used year ago. a man would tie a rope around his neck, secure the other end tightly to a tree branch while standing on a bucket. he would then proceed to kick the bucket out from under himself, thus killing himself and...kicking the bucket. i think you should add ""it is what it is"" considering so many people say it and it really mean nothing."
yes thanks! a cup of tea would be very nice.
"the medical term for it is ""guarding"". it's a natural human reaction to protect the area that is feeling pain."
"first of all, you have to make the mess their problem or their habit won't change. because they live there, too, you'll want to be diplomatic about it, or an ongoing fight will ensue and they'll probably make a bigger mess. you know what get their ""goat""..point out that the mess bother you like......would bother them."
what would you have the peregrine eat?. lentil and tofu?
it's the devil's day something bad is said to happen that day. may even be the end of the world.
"in the day before refrigerated mortuaries, to hide the smell of the body decomposing. sorry, that's gross, but it's also true."
"by doing a much of their business, and primping, at home a they can. then by waiting for lunchtime and doing everything there is to do then, until it's time to go home."
move to haiti where there is an abundance of pigeon and you will see nest everywhere. i had baby pigeon outside of my window on the ledge of the house next to mine. they do grow very fast and don't stay in the nest long.
"first,there is no harmless revenge!talk to your friend. explain that your feeling were hurt by the rudeness. go for the compromise and enhance your friendship or risk damaging it further.demonstrate how you would have handled the situation without being rude.try a little role reversal action and act out each others part in the rude situation."
"a in all faith there are fundamentalist that get carried away with their faith. unfortunately islam being a religion of the book, ha a great deal of fundamentalism. most muslim are excellent, hard working, honest people, but a in all cultures, the radical insane minority get all the press."
it is how american like to see their ancestory in the wild west.. it's a bit like robin hood in england or rob roy in scotland.. it is a load of romantic bol---s!. kc uk
"to cleanse the palatte. the coffee may be too strong or may have an aftertaste, not to mention stain your teeth."
"well it is simply because of george w bush.. you see he ha this big antenna secretly hiddin in the whithouse in that big ol' dome and it only come out at night and zap people while they are sleeping. . well, that's my theory anyway"
do not do thing that you don't want to do and you'll never have to live in a paradox or justify it to yourself ( which pull you deeper into the distortion ). i hope your trouble are few and your joy shine through.
i am here coz i'm so tired of answering love problem on the other category.... . i need to jog my mind for a while..
"not much, especially a girl name.. but really cool though, you should tell her."
"the bible(new testament) wa written 30-60 year after jesus died. the author never met jesus, did not know him, and wrote down story they had heard about him.. just like the game ""telephone"", story become greatly exaggerated."
you'll have to call the jail. they will tell you what you need to know.
"competent listening:. you don’t have to agree with her, but make sure that she know that you have heard her, that you do care even if don't always agree."
time seems to move faster but in reality it is u who are starting to slow down some due to age and bone starting to hurt and not being able to keep up. at first you gulp dowm your soda {coca cola} not you sip it
where ru coming frm? take a flight to the indira gandhi international airport in new delhi. most tourist do that.. for more info abt delhi refer to my blog below
"the latest trend, thanks to the low-carbers, is to mash cauliflower to resemble mashed potatoes. i have oft heard this referred to a ""surprise"" mashed potatoes. not a very nice surprise, if you ask me!"
"practice. read poetry from other people, when you write, don't try to copy someone else's style, take on your own. poetry ain't perfect..."
"number 1 is a pee, number two is the other. it wa introduced in hospital for bedridden patient when asking a nurse for the pee bottle or bedpan."
"because they are juveniles. they are protected by the state and fed, so nobody hurt them i suppose."
"the intensity. tanning booth are designed to give you a deep tan very quickly. this is not healthy and lead to skin cancer in most. it also lead to the picture on the website listed a a source, and no one want to look like that- no matter how old you are."
if he is so sensitive then ask him. he might would ebe happy to know that you like hima nd he might fell the same way. and i would have run over the cat again...
the bag of water act like a lens and magnifying glass. it show reflection of object and of the fly- they see thing are being large and moving and they fly away to keep from being eaten.
"well, i don't know about the cherokee part of it, but it could be a derivation of lakota which would explain some things. but the word loukata the way you spell it here is only found in two languages: greek and finnish. it is a location on a greek island or it mean to offend in finnish although it doesn't look like it is in common usage there. i don't know your ancestry, but that might help to figure out the question."
not sure...but you must have been talking to foolery to come up with this question! right?
become a liberal democrat. and stop shaving your legs.
"i guess that a cult requires people to follow without questioning, requires people to break contact wiht loved one and a commitment of all the person's time and money.. . a religon is a faith that is freely chosen, the member is free to join and free to leave. hopefully, the religon inriches the person's life and inspires that person to be a better human being and to help others."
it help to be around people whom are constantly positive and upbeat. it's hard being mean and full of hate when you're around people enjoying themselves and full of forgiveness. you'll find that they'll rub off on you sooner than you think.
"to live life and have experiences. to be human is to be imperfect, yet beautiful at the same time. humanity is a journey in which each person takes, and the purpose of life is unique to each individual. you can only hope that at the end of the journey (death) that you are satisfied with the life you chose to lead."
"it is both historically and historiographically sound (but do most people even know what historiography is?). . there are certainly particular historian who have taken non-historical approach to the period, but for the most part the historical analysis ha rested on confirmable fact. one particularly interesting ""history"" on it would be the book ""ordinary men,"" which wa comprised from the oral account of soldier who actually carried out various aspect of the holocaust."
"because in relation to britain it is 'down under'. in the 19th century when we used to send convict there the term became synonymous with australia partly due to it geographical location compared to briatin, but also to the supposed moral standing of the convict that were sent there."
"""then"" is used in a sentence with ""if/then"": if he like apples, then give him one.. . you tell some you want something, someone might respond with this ""then go get it!"". . ""than"" is used for something like making a choice or substitute like: i would rather go to the mall than sears."
"when you slice it open, you can spoon the meat of the fruit out like a melon. the tiny black seed in the meat of the fruit are edible."
"you heat the pipe with a blow torch & use a 'pipe-bender' to bend the pipe to th eangle you choose. go to a hardware store, they'll help you with the tool & give you advice!"
i think it may be a split personality or the spirit that posse someone!!!!not 100% though
i am sorry to tell you this. but kim possible wa killed in duty and witness said she wa bitchy at the moment. she ha been cremated and is now resting in peace in a cemetary in compton.
"everyone ha their own interpretation of normal, and there are also standard - unwritten but more developed over a period of time, based on religion, morals, ethics, and more commonly, judgemental people who decide that their way(s) is/are normal, and others who don't conform to their way of living are not normal. there are also social and psychological ""norms"" that define ""different"" or abnormal behavior."
challenge lead to excitement and enthusiasm. rich people tend to have few challenges.
"definitely corn. on the cob is fine, but i prefer creamed."
"from the mail home, click on your inbox from the ""folders"" pane on the left...it will have a number in parenthesis () telling you how many message you have.. once you're in your inbox, click on the subject of the email. it will open once you've clicked on it...if you put your mouse over it, you should see it change to a hand icon, and the word will be underlined. pretty easy, really.. when you get into the message, you'll then be able to see the reply, forward and delete buttons, etc."
"christian science is an offshoot of christianity where it teach thing differently than common christianity, it doe emphisise christ (in an odd way however) religious science is basically just spiritual and us teaching from many religions. though both are against medical treatment and deny christ's diety."
because she is a blonde bimbo with zero brain and even le talent. when her iq get to 50 she should sell.
if you figure that one out please let me know. it seems the people i know who have done it had some personal revalation that ha yet to come to me. one guy i know put up sign all over that said 'just fu****g do it!' it worked for him.
maybe it political correctness. they dont want to post a controversial question that will make some some people angry on the home page of what they want to be a reputable website.
breast that do not so much flop about a stand out. outstanding pertnessity.
"i don't think so, because it's not a true person. biologically, it's made up of cells, like any human, but it's not a true-born natural person. to have a soul you would have to be constructed naturally."
depends. is the songwriter looking for artist or entertainers?
"i believe that it is the same a a bridal shower, more formal. they can have food, theme and the groom to be may be there. i think."
"go to ur email place (yahoo probably) click mail. click compose. type in the to address, subject, email then click send."
"i took a class once about personality in the work place. i had to take it for my casino job so that we would know how to get along with other people we're working with that have certain personalities, therefore making a better working environment. certain personality don't like to take order and some are fine with it; other personality like giving orders."
"i honestly believe they think those biblical verse are going to once again 'make u see the light' and bring u back when most of the time we just shake our head in disgust and it reminds u why we left. most of u won't even read them, we just skip over them. a good chunk of u already know them so spouting them won't do anything. only thing it serf to do is drive u further away and remind u why we left to begin with!"
i always know how much i can handle while drinking.....i never let myself drink to much....only irresponsible people do this......yuck!!!! xxxxturtlegirl
"this is a tradition that come from europe. you half kiss on each cheek. it's not a full kiss. when you know the person well, you only kiss the one cheek."
"at a fundamental level it is because consumer want everything for cheap, cheaper, free... this pushed down value and worth of the job and employees.. . look at this site... every second person is looking for something for ""free""... no one want to pay for a good or service."
"there is a german biology magazine by that name. the word, which i don't think appears in the oxford english dictionary, basically refers to the shape or form of animal without regard to the examination of their function. while once the word morphology always referred to biology, it ha now also been adopted by geologist and speech therapist among others to describe similar study in the construction of thing by natural means. the addition of the 'zoo' prefix is obviously intended to specify a broad, but still biological definition."
"for the smart butt among us, . . letting your son drive your fararri saturday night."
"once i invent a time machine, i'll contact you and take you with me. you'll get your answer then."
"it a legume, like a pea or bean. hence the name pea- nut.. . legume grow on bush or vines, where a nut are the fruit of some trees."
"wrap at least 3 time in plastic wrap and put in a box then freeze. it will last a year and be just a fresh a when made. i would use strawberry champagne filling or a lemon filling but, you can use any filling you choose."
"fascism refers to a form of government that believed in centralized authority of the government a well a ultra nationalism.. . titular merely mean ""in the title"". thus huckleberry finn would be the titular character of that novel."
"monsignor is simply an honorary title given to a priest who distinguishes himself by outstanding service. usually, it is given to older priest who have served the diocese for a long time.. . there is no difference in responsibility between a monsignor and a priest."
"because people have a need inside them. a hole that need to be filled. they desire to fill this hole, but what they don't realize, is that god is the only one who can fill it. everything else is just a fruitless effort."
"it is a medical fact that lack of sleep over the course of several day will cause delirium and hallucinations. the brain is being deprived of the ability to dream, so it act out the thing that you would dream about in the form of hallucinations, which may well cause the giggles."
sexual pleasure wa intended by god within the context of a one man/one woman marriage for the purpose of procreation. any other perversion of it is sinful and against god's law.
"they just come together to love jesus and not demean each other with irrelevant dispute over who right or wrong what they feel the bible says. they all agree that jesus is what it all about, the other stuff is secondary and not need to cause dissension."
"i guess because it can be so customized. you can put whatever topping you want on it and if you don't like tomato sauce, you can get a white pizza, etc."
"they got national pride. yep, i said national, because texan act like their state is their own little country, and in many way it is."
"all right, if you have never played an instrument before you need to learn how to read music. at least the basics, since using tablature is a really easy way to learn songs. get some sort of a method book, and if possibly find someone to give you a lesson or two. unless you have a friend or family member who play and can show you some stuff, getting a few lesson will help you immensely."
"originally another name for mt moriah, the hill just north of david's jerusalem which he purchased from araunah the jebusite a the site for the first temple a built by solomon by extension, the name is used of jerusalem, and by further extension, the land of israel . . sunny; height, one of the eminence on which jerusalem wa built it wa surrounded on all sides, except the north, by deep valleys, that of the tyropoeon separating it from moriah , which it surpasses in height by 105 foot it wa the south-eastern hill of jerusalem ."
do you mean taro? if you do you peel it first then dice into cubes.
"do you wonder in this way at a man that is not married? just wondering.. . maybe she like having her own life, some folk really don't want to be with someone all the time."
i would strongly agree with you lol where are the momma's and the pappa's ??????? lol anyway 30 somethings here
place the egg inside the water without breaking the shell and keep it under the water for a few min. after few min put some salt into the water which contain the egg and boil it in medium fire. don't worry shell will not broke.
"your destiny is all based in what you do. if this is your dream, stick to it thru and thru"
"leave it in the bathroom while you take a long, hot, steamy shower (to relax the paper fibres), then put heavy weight on it so it doesn't curl up a it dry back out.. . happy reading..."
"1) socialization mean the process by which an individual becomes integrated into a social group by adopting it value and attitudes.. 2) the study of socialization draw on psychological account of social development and interpersonal relation by sigmund freud and kurt lewin, but it application to social and political process draw on the work of the sociologist and philosopher emile durkheim. according to durkheim, socialization ensures both the ordered running of society and individual freedom, because the individual submits to the value of society and in doing so, acquires a personal interest in obeying social rules."
"""des voeux"" is french for wish - say ""day vur"" (but don't pronounce the 'r'). . ""langem"" is my guess for the other one - but it look english and this is my north england accent so probably best not to trust that one."
"if you are trying to see sweden after the 31st of march 2007, you should take a train to basle, then take the citynightline night train to copenhagen and then take the x2 to stockholm. it is better to get to finland via ferry. to get to germany, fly in economy for a lower price to berlin. from berlin you can then take, a no-changes train directly to prague"
"what an interesting contrast of cultures.. . i have no idea, but that is one of the best question i've seen on here.. . the only 4-wife disadvantage i can think of is that they will all pm at the same time and make your life a living hell no one-wife man would ever experience."
not afraid of them but absolutely hate them! there's just something about clown that is extremely annoying and irritating and their stupid makeup and weird behavior make me want to kick them
"yes it is from italian roots.... . tutti-frutti . from tutti frutti, =""all fruits"""
you need to be able to assure people that is it safe to travel there. most american i know don't feel it is safe for them to travel to that country.
i am a vegetarian but i am not a christian. we were gatherer and we don't have canine teeth so you are wrong !
"why would you want to be a heart breaker. i had my heart broken and that is not the greatest feeling. you shouldn't have to be a player and a heart breaker to get some pu***.. . just a little of advice: you weep what you sow, so be careful what you sow."
i suppose you are american and not chinese.. well they a environmentally sound method transport.. they keep you fit and being in a bike gang when your a kid is cool. finally they are much le expensive to keep than a horse.
"i think it kind of like smoking or drinking a beer , no one like it the first time. after a while of trying you do get to numb your taste bud and it start becoming natural like drinking water or breathing air. so i dont think anyone really like starting of drinking whiskey, but the continue for status and eventually get used to it and hopefully enjoy it..i suppose. heidi"
start by finding the right partner.choose the appropriete. song to slow dance hold your hand up and take your partner to the floor quickly choose a nice empty spot stop gently . tug the hand of your partner andget close to each other .. watch your step here you can do whatever you wish you even can watch and imitate others.good luck
are you talking about picking lottery numbers? if so.....not possible.
"what i think is funny is that a large portion of the people who claim cherokee, claim that their great grandmother wa a cherokee princess. okay, if your cherokee and telling the truth, fine, but there wa no such thing a royalty in the indigenous nation back in the day...yes there were chiefs...but the false label of ""_____ princess"" actually came from when the beautiful young indigenous female that were shipped to ""the old world"" and forced to slavery within royal family homes...but...anybody who did not hold a royal title wa not allowed into these homes, so these poor frightened girl were given the title of ""princess"" so they could legally enter these estate to slave away;they were usually discarded after age overcame their ability to slave...so only the story were returned, never the ""princesses""...little off the subject, but i wanted to share that fun fact ;)"
1)you did somthing that he did not like. 2) he may think that you do not like him. 3) he heard that you said somthing mean about him.... . i'd confront him and see what's up
"truckstops sell a very comprehensive road map of the entire usa, they cost anywhere from 5 dollar to 60 dollars, the more expensive one are laminated and large print. these map are called rand mcnally road atlas, if u want a even more detailed map, rand mcnally also print gazeteers for each state which give you elevation, backroads and even gps coordinate"
"be yourself, but even nicer. smile at people you pas by, be pleasant, don't gossip or talk behind other people's backs, and help people when they need it. you'll be okay, your question make you sound very sweet."
know how to make some beat and go freestyle. if you can't freestyle then you're nothing.
we still have freedom of prayer in school it just ha to be silent. don't worry jesus is coming way sooner than anyone think and we will all be able to pray without those that are jealous and who do not know will be left out. not everyone will makeit to heaven.
"islam worship the moon god,allah, who had 3 daughters. christianity worship jesus, our creator & redeemer. he is the ""only begotten son of god."" these are different god's, we will not accept their false god, and they are to blinded by hate of the jew & other religion to see the truth."
"the iliad, the odyssey, angel and demons, the da vinci code, the lord of the rings, the hobbit , oh and ironfire: a novel of the knight of malta and the last battle of the crusades.... i have more but need more time to think about it.."
"the american defeated the brit in the revolutionary war. this mean that america is not a british colony, but a seperate country. the difference between the people seems to be simply that of culture. i like the brits, but some can be snob at times...."
"vicar is a minister in the church of england. it is the short form of vicarious which mean ""instead of"". thus vicar of christ."
it completely give the wine an open taste. it brings out all of the flavor of the grape not to mention the cheese. add almond and dried fruit. even better
because he float like a butterfly and sting like a be. he wa probably the greatest fighter of all time. he had a sence of humor and a punch like a horse kick
"not so hidden - the mall of america. other hidden area you might enjoy is stillwater - it's a nice quaint little town, with shops, and excellent food - right across the river is hudson wisconsin. you might also want to try eating on the minnesota zephyr - a two hour train ride (right in stillwater)."
here in n the current gas price is $1.16cdn/litre. that work out to be 3.90us/gal
"everyone like their privacy lately...id theft, etc. going on....discretion is protection."
"boneless or bone in?. boneless should only take about 30 min at 350 degrees. bone in should take about 45 min at 350 degrees. (internal temp of chicken should read 150 degrees, let rest 5-10 minute and internal temp should read 160 degree"
"satan agent are everywhere, even jesus said, ""a sower went forth to sow, and some seed fell on the path & the birds(satan's agents)came & took it away. where seed(god's words) are sown, the devil's agent try to get it away, before it sprouts."
"honestly, i'm the family onion-cutter b/c i don't cry. that's b/c i don't think of the smell, or anything onion-related. i just concentrate on the knife or something else. just go to show ya: mind over matter always win ;)"
"""we're still out shopping for one"". . the look should amuse you"
hypnosis is a state of mind. you're probably already a mellow a it goes.
"the eurostar run from waterloo, which is about a ten minute walk from the house of parliament in london and a major rail hub, to paris gare du nord, which is connected by metro, bus, suburban train and taxi to almost anywhere you want to go in paris. detail are on the website, and there are advance-purchase fare that work like airline tickets--pretty affordable. the fastest service these day is around 2 hour 40 minutes, but work continues to speed the journey on the british side of the channel with new rail line and terminals."
"biblically speaking, ""heaven"" is translated a spending eternity in the presence of god.. . hell, likewise biblically speaking, is translated a eternal separation from god."
i guess you meant grind. it's all about the hips. you just got to bend your knee a little bit and work your hips.
"commit yourself to a punishment every time you do whatever your habit is. if your bad habit is biting your nails, for example, commit to eating a tablespoon of tobasco sauce every time you bite your nails. soon youll associate the habit with the punishment, and youll stop doing it. sort of pavlovian-style."
"well, since you asked .... . there probably couldn't be a better way to die except peacefully, with final word of love and appreciation, in the arm of my wife and children."
"kush tv i dont know but sound to be good one , if u get some info please also lemme know. bye"
"there is a theory that state that we share a ""inherited memory"". through year of sharing cultural background we have compressed a lot of learned data into racial behavioral tendencies. we have observed similar ocurrences on the traveling habit of bird and fishes. they seem to pas their knowledge to future generations."
i think it's do unto others a you'd want to be done to yourself. (i could be confusing this with another group but i'm pretty sure)
"because they are stupid, immature people who don't have respect for anyone. is it really funny to throw a water balloon at anyone? no. it doesn't prove anything, except the fact that whoever did it is a moron."
1) scapegoat/justification for war.. . 2) crutch for the weak.. . 3) hoax.
"christmas tell u the meaning of life - the meaning of christmas doesn't lie in having a lot of present or enjoying fine food. the meaning of christmas, instead, lie in being generous. in the eye of faith, the meaning of life lie in being generous with one another because god is generous with us. at christmas we discover again in jesus that god is infinite generosity; and in god's generosity to u and our generosity to one another, we discover again the meaning of life."
"you probably mean how doe the human brain work on language learning. the younger of age you start learning different languages, no matter how many, the better, the more flexible the brain to the learning of new languages, by the age of five your brain becomes le flexible in learning the different languages. the most important thing in learning different language at an early age is the consitency and the keeping of the same pattern in the learning proces of the languages. hope this clearifies your question."
what do you want most? that probably won't do it.
"if a bottle say ""natural mineral water"" it is a legal requirement that to put that on the label the water must come from a natural source. if a bottle only say soda water it's probably just carbonated tap water with the addition of sodium bicarbonate.. . also mineral water is available in still and sparkling (carbonated)."
"postmortem:. . a an adjective it mean occurring after death.. . a a noun, it mean an autopsy, or medical examination of a dead person to determine the cause of death."
"anyone who is an m.d.or ph d. is referred to a ""doctor"". i find it helpful in situation when establishing credibility is necessary."
spring...because suddenly there is colour and flower and blossom tree and new growth and the grass seems greener. i live in the uk
"basicly, the ""dole"" in britain, is unemployment compensation. out of work people receive it for the time between jobs, just like here in america.. . there are other definition of ""dole"", but i assumed you were asking about this one. otherwise ""dole"" is listed in the dictionary."
getafix ... such an ironic name. can't believe the publisher missed that :-)
on paper.. . but you should do it on illustrator or corel
"just use some sand-paper, it work great, and it cost next to nothin at your local hardware store. be sure not to scrub to hard or you can damage your jean...the process is known a ""weathering"", it started after punk that didnt keep thier jean neat, let hole run ramped through thier jeans, when rock and other form of music and social class became popular, this became a fad, that still presist today."
to hear the radios. their communication headset were built into them. plus it kept their ear warm until they hit their target. might a well die cozy...
because it is the most convenient form of communication to date. it's faster than writing and more understandable than grunting and pointing. we have not yet developed the use of the part of our brain which would allow u to communicate telepathically.
secular humanist. kind of the absence of religion without the license to do anything you want at any time to anyone. i live in a morally correct manner because it feel like the right thing to do but i don't worship a deity.. . i chose this path because of all of the problem and prejudice that i have found in organized religion.
"it mean that the person who is called smarty pant either doe know or think she know everything. it is not really a compliment, but then again, the person who is saying it is probably joking. people use the word pant instead of ass, which is definitely not a compliment."
today wa very special i went out for the first time with my daughter (aged 9) since she wa rushed to hospital with pneumonia. i feel i have alot to be thankful for and so doe she. it wa great to take her down the beach and out for some dinner before it wa all to soon to come home when she wa exhausted.
go to google. enter travel agency philippine or may be travel agency philippine consolidator in the searcg window and click search.
"i believe in god and that he wa crucified and died for u and then rose again. i dont care what anybody else believes, it up to them."
"pronounced: mah shlomcha (to a male)/mah shlomech (to a female).. . spelled: מה שלומך (to a female)/מה שלומכה (to a male).. . litteraly means, ""what is your peace"", but known as, ""how are you"" to anyone you'll say it to ;). literally, you would say, ""ech ata"" (literaly), but you don't say that..."
"wine ferment because of the food it eats(the sugar). after it eats, and all of the sugar is gone, it's then put into a bottle and sealed, so no air is available to ferment further. i think!"
"a franchise is a store or restaurant, or such, that's part of a large corporate chain. it's individually owned, with the owner buying the right to use the company logo and have access to their vendors.. i believe you pay a percentage of the profits, a well. i'm sure someone will correct me if i'm wrong."
a little pixie life in your car radio and every time you stop to get out of the car she read your mind and switch to your favourite song! . it true!. start using your cd player or i-pod player...never happens then...the sercurity is way too sofisticated for the stupid pixies!
"you can use the topic: ""violence"". where you can take pic of soooo meny kind of violence, from poverty, to a black eye on a kid"
because alcohol is a depressant. it slows you down and make you kind of sleepy... that combined with the warmth of the hot tub is likely to make you go to sleep if you get too drunk and then you could potentially drown.
"actually the same exact thing happened to me...text the word ""stop"" back to them and they should send a reply that shuts it off. they will send a tech support number with it and you should call them if they dont retract the fee."
"a character string is a series of letters, numbers, or other symbols. i'd have to see the context, but it sound like they might be asking you to type something, maybe a password."
"you can use any ice cream recipe, just replace it with organic sucanat, you can find it in any whole food store, it's a great replacement for sugar, doesn't have an after taste, and doesn't cause cancer! you'll love it. my family and i only eat organic food (4 yr now), and live normal and healthy lives, just without the preservatives.. . stevia is good to... but be careful... a little can go a long way... best of luck...ester"
"they've dumbed down the curriculum and test at schools, so that nobody feeling get hurt. better to have little johnny/jane feel good about themselves, and their perceived accomplishments, than to actually be able to read and write."
don't ask that question. no one know the real reason of why we exist.
"please call national child abuse and neglect 1-800-422-4453 they should be able to direct you to someone you can give your fact to and remain anonymous until they have enough proof to do something to help. you are very brave to stand up for what is right, but you must be cautious in placing yourself out in the open a the one who is turning him in until you get some help from an agency that can advise you in this matter. abuser don't stop abusing, they just get better at twisting the fact and making their victim feel more confused. good luck & thank you from an ex victim."
"art is anything that anyone say is art. for example, a lampost isn't art untill someone say it is."
that passion fruit is suppose to make you more sexual when you eat it. i guess it would work on some people i don't know. it is all in the person and how they feel about it.
"erm, body language? because it's the only langauge everyone understands most of?"
"you can't witness to someone unless you are a witness. if you are, then it come without effort."
"i am so sorry that you had to go through that. please don't blame yourself. a lot of the older generation use the word ""afflicted"" to indicate mental illness, so i'm guessing that would be the problem. good luck to you sweetie!"
k2 is the world 2nd highest mountain is in pakistan. kunchunjunga is the 3rd is in nepal
"when i wa in the navy, we use to make hard cider right in the jug it came in.. we put about a hand full of raisin in the jug with about 1/2 cup sugar, tied a balloon on the top , when the balloon inflated then went back down it wa ready. you have to keep the air out or you wind-up with vinegar.. good luck, and happy drinking"
"daylight saving time also save energy. the u.s. department of transportation show that daylight saving time ""trims"" the entire country's electricity usage by a small but, significant amount, about one percent each day, because le electricity is used for lighting and appliances."
literacy rate there is high.. that doe not mean they are any smarter than others.. . smartness is different from literacy.. . literacy can give birth to robot while smartness produce ideas.. . regard
"what im feeling gloomy, i do a number of thing (though not at the same time). i watch a funny movie or program. i listen to some of my favorite music or i just talk with my friends. work for me."
"hitler and facism and the whole deal of the entire country nearly being blown off the face of the earth, so the u gave them a lot of money in the marshall plan, load of turk came to germany after the war and it really all because of hitler really, which is kind of ironic.:)"
check the site there a whole bunch of reasons!!!
it's the strict interpretation of a certain religion. if someone is a religious fundamentalist then they take their religion literally and do not allow for interpretation.
i think it would be cool to get him something that he can remember you by like maybe getting a personalized gift at the store thing remembered.. there is always the gift card option too that way you know he will be getting something he want or can use.
"well, if you mean the bay that surround the island, it pretty cold, depending on the time of year. still, it cold enough to keep you out, unless you are escaping the prision... haha"
that we all formed from organism that were transported to earth from the overcrowded planet xenon trillion of year ago by an evil intergalactic warlord! the founder l. ron hubbard wa a sci-fi author and wa famously qouted a saying that if someone wanted to make lot of money they should start a new religion. - thats why they get a lot of stick!
"late october is just about the best time or rather the most moderate weather. i wa ther in mid november and it wa about 85% every day, certainly many opportunity for rain."
it's really very simple... he went to a neighborhood where a bunch of boob lived!
"""god bless america"" doesn't mean ""god blesses america"" - it mean ""may god bless america"" and a such is a prayer like what dolly and pj always do on their knee at the side of their bed (did anyone actually do this?).. . i guess people are free to ask god's blessing on whomever and whatever they see fit. doesn't mean he'll comply, of course."
you have to cook it to at least 165 degree to be at a safe temperature for eating because that way it kill all the bacteria that could possibly be in it.. . i think about 325-350 degree is about right a far a the heat used to cook the chicken. any le than that and it will take forever to cook; any more than that and it will just burn the outside and not cook the inside very well.
"i wa there right after thanksgiving. it wa not that cold, at least compared to detroit. in may it will be hot."
"fundamental human talent are:-. 1.common sense-unfortunately, this is the most uncommon thing in the world.. 2.sense of reasoning-this is what distinquishes human talent from animals.. 3.initiative-this amount to doing something without being asked to do by somebody.. 4.capacity to communicate, and make others understand what you say or what you do.. 5.capacity to distinguish the right from the wrong."
to completly change is a long stretch for all people. what do you want to change? why? if you can figure this out then maybe you're not to far from knowing the truth.
it's partly because many woman cannot recognize genuine confidence. they do not have genuine confidence themselves.
there where simply four reasons. 1.the connection between colony and britain wa very costly cause some colony were thousand of mile away from britain. 2.people started fearing a self government emerging. 3.the colony themselves started to chafe against british rule and started to want to deal with there affair alone.. 4.finlay many briton realized that the empire had become unwieldy and that relationship within it were a handcart rather than a gain
"he refused to mobilize fully the resource of the federal government to save the collapsing economy. what action he did take, such a approving creation (1932) of the reconstruction finance corporation to loan fund to ailing corporations, seemed too little too late. hoover feared that too much government intervention would destroy the integrity and initiative of the individual citizen. the ""great humanitarian"" lost his reputation a million lost their job and some were actually starving by the winter of 1932-33."
because adam top up her glass every time she go to the loo. he's filthy that boy.
"no tradition that we generally practice today is forbidden for today. the passage in jeremiah that seems to describe a ""christmas tree"" wa referring to making an idol out of the tree, it wa forbidding the vain worship that the pagan participated in. however, there wa a tradition fairly recently (past 200 year or so) that certainly wasn't very christ like.... . if you are familiar with all the verse of ""we wish you a merry christmas"" you know that there are some pretty interesting lyric to the song... ""now bring u some figgy pudding..."" ""...we won't go until we get some..."" going house to house demanding that people fix you some treat wa actually a christmas tradition in england (and probably colonial america)!"
"mostly because they are an oral history. fairy tale and fable reflect the culture they came from and the time in history they represent, and people like the brother grimm did a lot to collect them, including making recording of local people telling the story a they remember them.. . fairy tale that have been altered to make a fiction book (adding new characters, changing the historical setting, etc.) are generally put in the fiction section."
"we had them all over ,back east, i live here in nevada, none here either, i believe they need cool damp climate, they aren't in utah either.. different climate.when i go on vacation,bach east, i really enjoy seeing them in the summer.."
"i don't know, rev trask, but i think you need to get some sleep. don't let the idiot get you too upset. some day he'll get his comeuppance from god."
"may day signifies the day of the working class. all those who work, especially those not in the executive or management cadre, irrespective of whether they work in factories, offices, banks, other organisation etc., celebrate may day. this practice originally started in the erstwhile soviet union, and subsequently spread to other area of the world. this is how it ha become a bank holiday(uk)."
".ur right . we all got our own problem to deal with each and every second of our life. she should try to look outside her shell, there are million of others right now who is struggling for their lives. if her problem is ""love"" then she should learn to love and appreciate others first."
"milk give scallop a very tender flavor. i also recommended freezing scallop in milk, if you have to save fresh one for later."
it is nix in pig latin. it mean to forbid. it is used to stop someone from saying something usually.
they haven't found a way to tax gay sex yet. once they do it's all over friend.
"whatever you want it to be. it varies from person to person. there is no set ""law"" on how to define the meaning of life."
i think people make rude comment to make themselves feel like bigger people. there's really no need for sarcasm and meanness (especially in a place like this answer forum).
"the term is actually a reference to the size of a grave... 8 foot long, and 6 foot deep... hence it refers to something being ""dead."". . in the restaurant biz, and many other contexts, when someone say ""86"" something, it mean that they've run out, or they want to stop it, etc."
"church nazi feel that everyone should believe a they do and if you don't you will be condemned to hell. example, a preacher that tell the congregation to vote for 1 and only 1 party or they will secretly be put on a hate list. trailer court christian ha the bible on top of the table and the case of beer under it. they feel too inferior economically and socially to attend church and get all their hearsay from fox news."
i don't think he is believed to be white the people who make painting of him create jesus to be in their image. that is why jesus is different skin color depending on the community that follows him.
"cognac is a type of brandy that is licensed by french government to be called ""cognac."" some requirement are that to be called cognac the brandy must be produce in a region surrounding the city called cognac. it must consist of 90% of the grape of ugni blanc, folle blanche or colombard.. it also must be distilled twice in copper pot still and aged at least 2 1/2 year in oak barrel ."
"many people take life for granted because they have never seen the face of death. they have no concept of their own mortality. that is why the very young tend to be so daring in their behavior, often courting disaster because they believe it can't happen to them. however, those who have lived some time and have had personal bereavement and near death experience can appreciate life more because they know it is fragile, priceless and irreplaceable."
"you know, that's an excellent question. and, typically, it all come back to this one basic truth...that, unfortunately, all that mumbojumbo is a bunch of b****s***."
behavioral psychology is one branch of psychology that deal with physiological function that can affect behavior. while psychology is a general term that ha many specialization under it.
"you may have a point. of course, it isn't that the parent are influencing them the wrong way, it's that they aren't influencing them at all!"
"mean inflammation, a in, tendinitis...inflammation of the tendon.. . b.t.w., nice name kal'el"
"blasphemy of the holy spirit "" god"" is not forgive. blasphmey mean to slander or degrade in any fashion."
"on average, yeah...it's about the most offensive word in the entire language. i've been called many name affectionately, that most would consider offensive, and yet didn't bother me at all. the c word is in it own category though. i don't think any amount of affection while using that word would be enough to make it acceptable to me."
"he had a misconception on ""those type of boys."" he finally remembered that his son wa just like that boy who supposedly committed the crime and he realized that the sterotype may not hold true. he wa upset that he had been so wrong, and he realized that could be his son being wrongfully convicted and punished for a crime."
"one of southern india's most prosperous and go-ahead states, leaf-shaped kerala span 15,000 square mile of contrast that both stimulate and soothe the senses. on it long western shore the lush malabar coastline is the setting of a succession of spectacular and largely empty beach washed by the warm arabian sea. inland, nature ha framed an equally vibrant backdrop, much of it also fashioned by the movement of water. for here are the famous kerala backwater - an intricate lacework of peaceful palm-edged waterways, whose languid and somehow timeless beauty can be absorbed to the full a you drift gently by aboard a slow-moving houseboat."
put a cold teaspoon in your mouth the wrong way up and keep tongue in contact with it.. it really works!
do you mean why do we remain sad longer than we remain happy? because we are ungrateful. when something good happens we get happy and it feel good but after a while we need a happy fix again so we begin to analyze what we did wrong when in reality the only thing we did wrong is be unappreciative.
"in russia it's the same. possible explanation: handkerchief are used (among other things) to wipe tears. giving them a a gift is like anticipating that this person will be cry soon. a remedy to this superstition is quite surprising - instead of giving them a a gift, you ""sell"" them for one penny (centime, cent)."
"the sea is blue because it reflects the sky.. . ""a clear cloudless day-time sky is blue because molecule in the air scatter blue light from the sun more than they scatter red light. when we look towards the sun at sunset, we see red and orange colour because the blue light ha been scattered out and away from the line of sight."""
"it's where you use something religious sarcastically. like on the show rescue me on fx, they had jesus play a part on there that didn't act at all like jesus. that's blasphemy."
there isn't a difference between a joint and a spliff or a blunt and a spliff. a spliff is just pott rolled in some type of rolling paper. a joint is pott rolled in cigarette paper and a blunt is pott rolled in cigar leaves.
being cruel in return only perpetuates the problem. just ignore them and be the better person!
"it is based on pagan tradition of fertility rites. the ""rabbit"" ha lot of baby in the springtime. ""eggs"" represent the fertility of a woman. in eating of the eggs, the woman will become fertile and hopefully have lot of kids, thus becoming like the rabbit."
"winter. i prefer being cold to being hot too, and i am not a great outdoors person. it did not think others liked winter too."
death is always saddest for the survivor ... i don't fear death but i am not ready to die yet either.
so that you may enter heaven one day. because jesus said to do it.
hot and humid. it's normally the dry season in may/june (although it might change)... plus may/june is harvest time....
to be. because i stiiiiiiiill haven't found.... what i'm looking for...
"emo is a very emotional person who suffers for every single little stupid thing that happens in their life. . . more hardcore emos tend to dress all black and go to the lenghts of cutting themselves so the whole world can see their ""miserable lives""."
"you've got a little short-circuit in your head. don't worry, we all have them and yours is much better than many others.. . ever notice how after a friend or somebody close get's a new car, you start seeing that same model of car everywhere?"
"if you did not cling to it, it would no longer be dogma. it would be poppycock.. so why do we tolerate poppycock? because there is no mommycock.. . now tell me why dogma cling to your shoes?"
"there is no air there, you cant hide from it, you are just there!! lol"
the same reason most of u smile when someone take a photo. of us. people look better when they smile.
"she disappeared in 1937. since she wa never found, cause of death (plane crash or otherwise) cannot be determined."
"funny i had this conversation the other day, i think it the taurine or something... maybe it something they've added like a sweetener or something too. it hard to say.."
her order is known a the missionary of charity. there are approximately 500 or so of these mission worldwide that are part of the order and modeled on the original mission in calcutta.. . the address of the united state mission is in new york city and you may wish to start there. check out the link below.
"alacranes are one of the name given to scorpion in spanish (also called escorpiones).. i don't know the difference between them but, the ending -cita of the word refers to, first, little and (because of the a) to feminine.... . what everyone ha already said: little scorpion..."
"ha ha, cant imagine someone can ask such question in this scientifically advanced era.. your next question may be, if i sprinkle holy water on weed will it kill them?. read up son, read up?"
"dealer, this is an example of judging everyone based on your experience with hispanics. i'm sure they all do not have large families."
it ha to do with the heat of the curry! green curry is the mildest and red curry is the hottest!
i think it better on my foot because im relaxed!!
"because they use inappropriate word and will often have screaming match with adults. this is usually a result of being around adult who have ""potty mouths"" or being subjected to too much ""adult"" television."
"the word bulgar is the turkish word for ""mixed"" bulgarian are mixture of the slav who invaded the balkan around the 7th century bc and a group now called the proto-bulgarians, who were a turkish group. dont tell bulgarian this many of them hate turks."
japanese noodle the thickness of vermicelli made out of buckwheat. eaten most commonly cold with a sauce and wasabi mixed in.. sometimes it is in a soup similar to a udon soup instead.
"it is meant a a racist, derogatory name. and i also ha never heard it outisde the mind of mencia show"
"because it is difficult to understand the entire bible and god's plan a a whole. human don't deal well with thing they don't understand, so they try to cut the bible up into bite sized piece in order to understand, and in doing so lose a lot of the meaning and beauty. people will sometimes also do this to further their own agenda rather than god's will, and there are also those who don't read their bible for themselves and instead just go with whatever they are told."
"baking powder act a a raising agent, it make cake etc lighter a it put air bubles through the mixture.. . you can also use it to clean drain a it foam when mixed with water"
"because the queen is posh, m'deah. god saive th' quane!"
"what do you refer to a a new bible? what name or version doe it go by?. . some sect have adopted a rewritten bible to suit them (jehova´s witnesses) or have added ""religious texts"" (book of mormon) that only they were privilaged to recieve."
"consomme is a clear soup, potage is a cream soup and bouillabaisse is fish soup. hope that help"
"among the christians, the unitarian do not. among non-christians,none. but there is a verse in the holy qur'an, celebrating the day jesus wa born,the day he wa back in heaven and the day he shall die (like all creation do)."
"there is a natural moral law, that is innately in all of us. in other words, we all know what is good and what is bad. you can see it in little kid who hide when they know they have done something wrong. moral beauty would be to attain a level of morality that would refrain u from going into the bad."
"scon!. the e should never be pronounced. never rhyme it with cone, bone, loan, only gone.. hey what else rhyme with gone?. got me thinking..... better go and eat me scon."
i don't know about him saying the bit about the 60's.. . but i like the rest. doe he ride a motorbike too? i bet it's the loudest chopper to have come out of california.
i am a muslim and im proud of it. it is truly the right path to god. god bless you all
"in a sense you have answered your question, denial. they intentionally deny the existence of something they know is real. their heart tell them that they are wrong so they feel the need to outwardly express their opinion to believers. it make them feel better about their denial of the truth."
"for me easter mean jesus! jesus died for all of u and we are celebrating his resurection and thank him for washing our sin with his blood, god bless you"
the voice in my head tell me what's real. just like this question. it's not real.. . nice try though.
"i am a former m&m/mars employee. a i recall, in the manufacturing process whn it get's to that point the candy land in a small concave area that center the candy so that the ""m"" go in the middle. there are thousand of these - then it run through something like a printing press. i think the centering of the candy wa a much more difficult thing than the crushing issue, that is all done with tollerences etc."
"there's an interesting article below about the question of human continuting to evolve (or not). . . if you're looking for a more fun, sci-fi answer... then i believe we will have moved out into the universe and set up a galatic federatoin!"
go to my account on the top of the screen then go into public information and click on edit/create profile click on your screen name then you should see a public view of your profile click edit picture and browse for one on your computer or copy and save then upload. if you uploaded your picture come back to answer and edit profile and you should see your picture
"i have worked in both the north and the south, and don't see a difference overall. work ethic very from person to person, and are sometimes motivated by other factors, a person living in the north may focus all attention on getting something finished before winter, while a person in the south may be more concerned about summer or another event. sometimes work ethic are established by the company that you work for. you may have deadlines, or you may work at a job that the perfection or quality of the work is more important, then the time it takes."
"sometimes you just have to grit your teeth, make it look like a smile and step out there and do it. after a few times, you'll finally learn that the fear of meeting people is worse than actually meeting them."
megabyte han (as in han solo from star wars) lol. it mean to say that you are a computer loving person and a person most likely to own a spaceship
"because they represent (re)birth and fertility, much like the spring itself and even the christian concept of easter. easter happened to coincide with a pagan festival, and many of the symbol carried over."
"sometimes i ask question of my own faith(christianity) and some people say i'm being offensive. . i can't bash a religion i know little about, and from my understanding islam, judaism and christianity have some interconnection in them, like similar prophets; moses, jesus, abraham...which is really cool.. i'm sorry that ignorant people feel they have to belittle others of a faith that differs from them, but just be assured i'll try not to be offensive in my post if i can help it.. a for the people that do...the internet is supposed to be a place to express your thought freely, and that includes the ignorant loudmouth who are full of bigotry or really low self-esteem."
"do side job such a babysitting, mowing lawns, washing cars, etc.. . you cant get real work until you are 14.. . good luck"
usually the thin line just mean that the word of christ are in red. below is a site that demonstrates what a thin line is.
"when you are surrounded with the people who care about you the most, and whom you are deeply care about. dont pretend to be someone else among these people. btw, i believe that u can never run from ur own true self. herm."
"click on your name on this page.. in the next page displayed, click “edit my info”. in the next page, select “edit my yahoo avatar”"
most people have to be told what to think. especially about religion.
"everything bad ha a good side to it. . cuz cloud cast shadow and make people gloomy, but when the sun hit it, it make the cloud shine like silver"
"simple: love others. . if you can do that youd gain three things: love and respect your self, gain love of others, and become immune to all form of arrogance :)"
if u want a pseudonym for publishing ur writing then u can arrange that with the publisher. . . if u actually want to change ur real name then it varies from country to country.
there is no war to be won. can you fight against say mathamatics? or biology? what would you really be fighting against?
errr....i kinda wish this question wa better written.. but i'll try to answer it anyways.... the reason we sin is b/c god gave u that option.... if u sin.. it satan work... so dont sin?.. . (this is harder than i thought)
"a group of people who have established law and rule that everyone recognizes, and a hierachy of position and roles: leader, clergy, professionals( doctors, lawyer etc ), skilled artesians, laborers, peasant and so forth. civilization usually have some form of written communication and record keeping (the inca used knot in rope to record amount of food and other important details). a tiered cohesive community with law and rule that are enforced and adhered to would be one definition."
"cause we are too busy watching life buzz by and we never really get to step off the bus and breathe anymore. it suck when it doe go though. p we are capable of appreciating, it a choice and sometimes we need to be reminded. love heidi"
well it depends which vampire folklore u r getting this from really... how a vampire is made change from text to text. it isnt usually every person a vampire bite that changes... the most popular 'belief' is that the victim ha to be drained of blood and then drink the blood of the vampire... so this make becoming a vampire a little more exclusive... in the century past people believed that if a body wasnt buried below 6feet of earth the corpse could come back.... or a cat jumping over a corpse could create a vampire or people commiting suicide... often if someone commited suicide then were buried at a crossroad so when the spirit/body rose it would get confused and not know which way to go.... . . these are just a few though... vampire folklore change dramatically from county and also country... hope it didnt bore u 2 much lol
"that depends on the girl. it would be hypocrytical of me not to like guy who smoke, because i smoke too. i do need to quit though. it doe make you smell bad."
gay is technically for both sex but usually refers to men. lesbian is a strictly female term. fagg is a for guy (not nice) a dyke is for woman (not nice) homosexual and queer are becoming more common (queer is le derogatory than it once was) and all inclusive.
"because when you rest your system slow down, that includes your metabolism. when it slows, it doesn't tell your brain that you are hungry anymore. when you get up it is still slow until you get active or get something to eat. this is why when we eat in the morning we get hungrier later on and when we don't eat breakfast a lot of u can go forever without eating that day."
"we are all spirit child of god , jesus is the only one born of this earth that wa fathered by god thus begotten by god. jesus prayed to the father (god). the holy ghost the third one of the god head descended from heaven to him on his baptism in the form of a dove a a visible aid for u so that we could know that the holy ghost is a true and separate entity of the god head."
because people tend to attack something they know nothing about ... and right now religious bigotry is acceptable. it's very sad and i'm sorry to say that when it come to bigotry that fact serve no purpose because you won't believe them and/or you won't take the time to open your mind. i refuse to forward any religious discrimination hate email i get (and i send response to those who sent it to me about how bad religious bigotry is bad and i try to straighten them out).
"some believe that is a symbol of life after death (it come in bulbs, it shrivels and grows again after a year). . some others belive that is a symbol because that represents the gabriel angel's horn."
"you are taking these scripture out of context. the people back in the old testament were evil, god wa angry with them and ordered the israelite to kill them so they would not cause the israelite to become evil. all these were example that the consequence of sin is death. jesus paid the price of sin so that now we don't have to die because of our sin if we believe in him."
"this link should be very helpful. i'm assuming ""philosophical egoism"" refers to ethical egoism."
some men don't find woman attractive and would prefer the hard buttock and chest of a man. they love their own body and lust after it too.
well the thirteen a unlucky number come from juda iscariot who came last at the last supper. there were already 12 people at the table...so he wa the thirteenth person. the friday is come a the result of judas' final betrayal = the crucifixion of jesus...then you got ur friday 13 a a unlucky day
"not really wicca just come out and say that people can do supernatural things, good or bad. christianity weave the same thing into history, but with much better craftmanship."
"become a police officer. . i don't think it's public information..then again, maybe it is, since other people seem to say so."
"this is a cooking topic...but if you want to see inmate photos, you have to go to the state correction main office. and have a good reason for wanting to see them."
"the dearly departed are buried in national military cemetaries east or west to signify honorable military service and east is to represent their ""sunrise"" in the afterlife.west, however wa reserved for those foreign soldier that died while prisoners,and are buried west .i don't know if the burial tradition applied in the military is the same tradition for civilian burials. hope this help u."
"so they don't get all upset over something they don't understand, get frustrated with their own ignorance, and find someone to drag behind a truck and then stone to death.. . all thing considered, let them ask. you don't have to answer."
"it mean the value that i'm holding onto. confidence, faith, beliefs, self-control, honesty, the will and everything that ha integrity associated to it.. . now, that's spirituality to me."
"if there were nothing, then there would be nothing to prevent the existence of everything. so the axiom ""something can't come from nothing"" is actually false.. . on the other hand if there were something, then something can certainly come from something.. . either way, the universe exists simply because there is nothing to prevent it from existing."
"""brown bread"" is a particular type of moist bread sweetened and colored by molasses. often contains dark raisins, too. usually served with boston-style baked bean (and i don't mean those silly boxed candied peanuts)and other new england dishes."
"gritty |ˈgritē| adjective ( grittier , grittiest ) 1 containing or covered with grit. 2 showing courage and resolve : a gritty pioneer woman. • tough and uncompromising : a gritty look at urban life. derivative grittily |ˈgritəlē| adverb grittiness noun"
"the outside air temperature decrease 2 degree every 1000 foot of altitude on a standard day so the temperature at 39,000 foot where most airliner fly is approximately minus 50 degrees. now the aircraft heating system is circulating warm air throughout the cabin but just like in a car the air vent are le efficient in some location than in others, hense the variation of temperature in a large airliner. now a to why they have small window is a pressure related problem, a a prssurized airliner will maintain approximately 7 pound per square inch of pressure. obviously a 12 inch by 8 inch window (96 square inches, with a pressure of 672 pounds) is easier to engineer and withstand the pressure than say a 20 inch by 12 inch window (240 square inches, with a pressure of 1680 pounds) would be."
yup it wa first made at the university of florida. in sport they are the florida gator hence gatorade.
"realistically, there's probably nothing you can do. he's an adult and ha chosen to become a thief. if he doesn't see something wrong with that, nothing you can say will make him feel otherwise."
"hey mr.unorigonal,. why not ask steven wright . don't forget to pay your xm bill this month."
"jesus is a prophet, sometimes compared to god himself. krishna is god!"
"someone asked if i wanted to be their personal assistant. evidently, the position would have included giving him sponge baths. it wa some weird middle-aged man."
"go pay it in order to avoid going to court...i got one for going 53 in a 40, and the cop told me, either i pay the ticket, or i go to court and try to get out of it...i just pay them, odds are you'll have to anyways even if you go to court, and then you more than likely will miss a day of work if you go to court. either way your losing your money."
"it is not right to generalize.. jew and christian should agree with muslim because islam is the perfection fo these two previous religious movements.. muslim should not and mgithnot offend christian or jew because their relgious belief and moral teaching do not allow them to,. the why terrorism??. it ha nothing to do with islam.. from what we have witnessed, many jew and many christian believe it is justifying to say hurtful thing to muslims, and vice versa...many muslim blunder likewise.. this is a worldwide pehnomenon.. no one know what can bring about a genuine change in the right direction...exception education, cooperation and dialogue.. let's give it a try."
"my lunch wa awesome: sliced turkey, avocado, tomato and lettuce on a home-made wheat roll alongside a salad with romaine, diced onion, cucumber and tomatoes, sliced mushrooms, baby carrot and hidden valley light ranch dressing. . . delicious and nutritious :)"
"chicken have two type of muscles. one, the white meat, is used for activity that don't require sustained activity, such a flying. chicken can fly, but they generally want to stay close to their food and so they pretty much walk where they need to go.. . the second type, the red meat, is that color due to a chemical compound called myoglobin, which is something that help the bird process oxygen in the muscle that they use all the time, like those they use for walking."
"a lingonberry is a fruit native to scandinavia. they usually ripen in august and are red, tart and smaller than cranberry but with a finer flavor. swedish meatball are often served with a type of lingonberry jelly."
"let me quote pablo picasso:. the muse of inspiration exists... is real, but it ha to find you working or she won´t share her magic with you.. . i think a good idea is to talk and spent some time with toher creative people from different field than yours."
"peanut are not nuts, but beans. hence the way they come in pods."
you said i had atheletes foot?!! i have a sore throat! a in the area in your mouth!
"she wa right and you were wrong, naughty willy. here in china, such restriction mean nothing : people crowd into any damn lane that'll get 'em ahead. some couple even split up, covering two queue and the slower partner will push in next to the quicker a he reach the cash desk!. queue-jumping is a fine art here : it's hideous, but what can you do - move to the zoo?"
sit quietly. don't move! that's it! now you've got it!
"miranda.admirable, beautiful. a shimmeringly lovely name with nothing but attractive associations, miranda wa invented by shakespeare for the beautiful and admirable young heroine of his play, the tempest."
"there are just somethings people don't care about and you do. i'm sure there's been thing you don't care about and other people have cared. it's just a matter of personal taste. of course you do get the people who don't care about anything, and it suck for us, but it's their choice."
because they believe that they live in the centre of the universe and no other place matters. they are arrogant believing that just because yahoo! is based in the state that they have a right to pretend that we are all american.. . american like that are deluded moron who have a hard time realising that the internet is for the world and not just for them.
"ignore the previous answer. it is incorrect.. ""buon viaggio"" is what an italian would say and it mean ""have a great trip"""
"i'm guessing here, but i think he may be referring to the christian idea of the ""old covenant"" in the tanakh, and the ""new covenant"" of the new testament. two laws.. on a side note i find his q&a fascinating. when he's on, he come up with some really clever stanzas. seems a little out there quite often, but he truly ha the soul of a poet."
"i doubt whether the ally knew of the scope of the 'final solution' and that auschwitz wa a high volume death camp. there were rumor from people who escaped to england, etc, but it wa too unbelievable."
"a chocolate biscuit, very popular in australia,. something very similar is available in the uk, under the name ""penguin"". the best way to use a timtam is to bit the corner off and drink coffee or hot chocolate through it. (no, i'm not making that up!)"
"jesus said the world would hate us, because they hated him first. the world is always proving jesus right."
"you need two type of olive oil: from green olive (cut grass taste) and from black olive (savory fuller taste), so you can use different flavor for different food, if the shop your going to is serious they should know, or you can taste them. they need to be ""first cold press"" and try to get them ""organic"" too..."
"for starters, mexican originated in mexico. their food includes, tortillas, beans, and cheese because these food are what they can make or grow there.. italian food is from italy, alot of italian food is made from tomato, or includes tomato sauce and most dish ha some form of pasta."
"because people are often and easily distracted by novelties, trivialities, and what the general consensus find entertaining at any given moment. we're so wrapped up in what is flashy and blinking and ha a 1000 multi-colored light and is right in our face all day every day through media.... . that brilliance is lost in the vacuum of everyday entertainment."
"she doesn't deserve you. stop letting her copy your stuff and realize that you don't need to beg others to like you. believe in youself! ok, that wa a little corny...but true!"
i thought stand by wa only eligible at the gate?? ask a travel agent or go to orbitz. good luck.
the same way you'd write a synopsis of any other story. but you might want to include some sample drawing a well.
be confident. don't be a phoney wannabe. be yourself and have respect for yourself.
"if muslim would stop acting like they act in iran.. . well, a lot of them are nice, but there are some bad guy too.. and burning building give people a negative image of islam."
"cut the onion in half.. now put it down with the cut surface on the cutting board , and hold it all together with your finger a you slice it into smaller bits. . the le cut surface area is exposed, the le crying."
"violence is an easier response, then trying to figure something out to solve a problem.. . it like instead of figuring out how to go around an object, you just bust right through it."
gang are not a huge part of african-american culture. only 5% of all african-american are in them or truly effected by them.. . it is way more exaggerated on t.v. perpetuated by sterotypes
"easter egg are hard boiled egg that are dipped in a mixture of 3 tbs. vinegar, 1/2 c. water and food coloring. you leave them in the mixture until they're the color you want them to be. if you write on them with a clear wax crayon you can make design that show up white even after they've been dipped."
"they are not the most healthy food. also, the red dye ha been linked to hyperactivity."
"i don't think you can find that type of information online, and certainly not for free. the closest you can get is that in most state you can find out online if someone is a registered sex offender or not."
it like you dont understand. eg: she is going out with him! go figure (or) i dont understand it.
if an egg is rotten it will float in water. so if you want to check them put the egg in a pan of water. a pan big enough so the egg will sink to the bottom.
"i think it is because everyone is sure that he or she is a true philosophical genius and is either able to answer any ""philosophical question"" or to prove that it ha no meaning or no solution.. . one of my favourite story which is also applicable to the studying of philosophy: if someone say that he is the world champion in chess many would like to play with him, but if he is a box champion, no one would want to fight."
"in the religion concept, spirit is one part of you which can be seen and felt through other people, sometimes paired up with how you feel, sad, happy, worried...your presence, aura. the soul is the part that belongs to god, you coscience. it tell the spirit to react to feelings... but here come the third part... the flesh, is connected to your spirit and both flesh and spirit conform who you are in this world. so the soul is what guides, the spirit is what drives, and the flesh doe the dirty work."
"...by respecting each other's work and understanding that each other's job can be hard work, but possibly in different ways. everyone's job is important for varying reasons. it is so nice to be appreciated for the work that we do."
tapa is a type of dining that ha become popular. it usually mean that smaller portion are served to a group to be consumed family style. it's kind of like hours-devours but a little more substantial type of dishes.
"right now the weather is just great. the average temperature in may is the low 80s, and there is usually not much rain."
"slip-up that (according to sigmund freud) result from the operation of unconscious wish or conflict and can reveal unconscious process in normal healthy individual . . . the freudian slip is named after sigmund freud, who described the phenomenon he called faulty action (fehlleistung or parapraxis) in his 1901 book the psychopathology of everyday life."
"shortly after moving to paris from barcelona, picasso began to produce work that were suffused in blue. this particular pigment is effective in conveying a sombre tone. the psychological trigger for these depressing painting wa the suicide of picasso's friend casagemas. the blue period work is quite sentimental, but we must keep in mind that picasso wa still in his late teens, away from home for the first time, and living in very poor conditions."
"there have been psychology study on this. they never came up with any evidence supporting psychics. so, there is not a way to prove it. anyone that say otherwise doesn't know what they are talking about and are a little off their rocker."
"my god macca it a fair assumption that most peple from the uk are english, i am mostly irish and my mate come rfrom a range of backgrouynds but they would never take an inncocent question about chocolate egg to be a nationalist slur !!!!"
salvation. anyone can have faith to be saved. god made the plan of salvation so simple that even a child can understand.whosoever call upon the name of the lord shall be saved.
"same reason that most men are not attracted to a penis. woman have breasts. they see them every day and they really hurt just before a period. sometimes, they can really be a burden."
place your dry stuff first always !. add your flour make a small valcanolike with it you can mix your milk and egg together very well and add to the hole of the valcano of you flour very slowly while stiring making sure dont over stir usually take about 1-2 min to stir into a batter andto be smooth !
avoid her for a few days. sound like you've been hanging around each other too much. just pretend like you've got the flu or something.
"first let me say you are not the only one who ha been through such things. i too, have done thing which i later regret but at the time i refuse to think about the consequence because at the time it feel right. you can avoid making the same mistake twice by learning from your first mistake. before you do something on impulse..evaluate the situation, think about the pro and con and then decide if it's worth it."
"catholic and baptist are christians. different denominations, same faith."
"it mean to be, become, or to grow poetic. it's generally a compliment.. . here's a link to random house that explains the whole thing better than i can..."
"you can't generalize like that...it just doesn't work.. . in fact, i know many blonde who are brilliant. doctors, lawyers, teachers, and mothers.. . very intelligent woman who also happen to be blond."
the adjective undiminished ha one meaning:. . meaning #1: not lessened or diminished. synonym: unrelieved
"not by will power. if you are in a eral relationship with christ, the holy spirit will convict you to be humble, and then you decide"
"hey marlee, it's called freedom of speech. if you didn't like this or found it offensive, why did you take the time to read the whole thing and then answer it too? you know, god doesn't look in the penis bin when he's handing those thing out. it's just ""here's your penis, next!"""
"if ""babes"" is your primary objective, why did you choose naples, florida? why not daytona or orlando?"
"kodak. share moments, share life.. . hope i helped!"
"i don't know, but i agree!. . i put it on everything! mexican food, obviously...but pasta, pizza, chicken..."
"by becoming spiritual! materialism a a goal ha failed us, don't you think?"
the towel is for drying off! even a nudist doesn't want to go around wet. the reason he ha to shower is that he doesn't wear pant and get his tail feather dirty when he sits down.. good question!
"guinness is brown & if it's at the right tempature & poured correctly... it ha a nice little frothy head.. . guinness is brown because of the way the ingredient are prepared. some malted barley is roasted, in a similar way to coffee beans, which is what give guinness the dark, ruby colour."
"imaginary marginality like that are normal for 12-21 age.. but also i think you must begin to think about politics or/and culture or/and science till now. if you want to appertain to something, appertain to you and your creativity.. not others'"
we learn both about the territory of isreal and about the holocaust.. . we learn about jew in europe and north america.. . the territory of isreal between the 20's to the 60's and the wars.
it is used a one of their side dish and they eat it together with rice. you can also mix it in clear soup.
ar-rahman mean the most merciful. this is one of the name of allah. it is also the name of the 55th sura/chapter in the quran
"resource are always finite. since we tend to have infinite wants, the people running business can market more effectively in the search of the highest profit possible."
"a windmill is an engine powered by the wind to produce energy, often contained in a large building a in traditional post mills, smock mill and tower mills. the energy windmill produce can be used in many ways, traditionally for grinding grain, pumping water, sawing wood or hammering seeds. modern wind power machine are used for generating electricity and are more properly called wind turbines."
"i personally believe that when you die, your soul ha to answer to god about whether or not you decided to follow him. if you havent, hell, eternal separation from god is where your soul goes. if you have, you will inherit all good thing in the kingdom of heaven."
a lot of the question on here. they seem to get worse the closer to the weekend it gets.
"not many people know much about it. but please, do not show up at my door while i'm trying to eat with pamphlet"
"a role play would be nice, or a sort-of ""news show"" featuring a news reporter who is tracking down a witch ever since spooky stuff happened in the city.. . hope that helped!. take care! :d"
the new american bible is the version used in catholic church in the united states. it might be convenient to read the same word that you hear at mass.
like any other day of any other week :) . how's yours?
climbing like over a fence. e.g the boy ran across the garden and clambered over the fence to retrieve his football.
this is the best trick. buy the oldest egg that the grocery store has. it always works!!
good question---i don't think they taste like butter and they aren't made from butter. i think it's because you have to add butter to them to make them taste like anything at all!
"do it based on the time that you spend, tell them you want some money up front and then count your time and tell them when you are finished. because sometimes people dont end up using the stuff that you make or they dont like it or they just ask someone else to do it so it better to get some money up front (at least $200) then $15.00 an hour or more after that"
block her and report her. best way is that way...good luck
open up and listen. you have to understand yourself to understand others. sometimes none of u make sense.
"this link will take you to online bible where you can search any passage, verses, book, or the entire bible. it ha great search option and is very helpful in finding just about anything you are looking for."
thanks! i laughed so suddenly i blew a snot bubble. lmao
co-op is short for cooperation. it is an agreement between two or more party to act in the same interest.
boston tea party. no taxation w/o respresentation. revelutionary war
"the pro-word ""roger"" doesn't actually mean ""yes"" - it mean ""message received and understood"". in radio communication terms, word need to be easily distinguishable - hence the phonetic alphabet. in the same way that if you don't hear someone, the pro-words are ""say again"" rather than ""pardon"" or ""repeat"" (an artillery command). hope this help"
"aerocalifornia received the order from the government to stop all operation because of the bad maintenance of the planes. one third of the float wa useless, and they were cannibalizing those plane to maintain the others flying. aerocalifornia wa covering mexico city, guadalajara and the pacific coast, mainly."
"it is an effect of a process called 'louche' that can been seen also in greek ouzo, french pastis and absinthe.. . the drink contains particle that are not soluble in water, but are in solution in the alcohol. by adding water to the alcohol, these component come out of solution and thus cloud the mixed drink, providing the delightful effect you have noticed."
"why would you define god a a theist, if there wa a god then god would define you not the other way around. . . there is no god is how i define god, non-existant."
don't answer the door. cut off all communication completely. that will speak volumes.
"god is completely incorporeal. god cannot be described in any positive terms, but rather only in negative conceptions. . i.e g-d is not human etc.."
"because usa's neo-conservative just want to maximize their profit through the war by giving billion-dollars contract to their corporations.. . then to capture irani oil.. . then to make israel happy by showing that your enemy is our enemy, no matter how much israel is pulling the leg of usa, this is called ""blindly in love""through the effective seduction by hand-few israelis."
"a baptist accepts what jesus did, and ha a personal relationship with him. they dedicate their baby to the lord; they don't baptize them. people are baptized only after accepting jesus. i believe most other religion have infant baptism and confirmation (which isn't in the bible)."
"sedona, az. a spirtual place of meditation, yoga and vortex tours. sedona also mean expensive restaurants.. . the name sedona is from an early resident sedona schnebly."
"cut a cake(s) to the shape of a hippo. (round body, round face, 4 stumpy legs, ears) cover with icing, add face details.. . happy birthday to whoever...."
shia are muslim and so are sunni too muslims.. they both believe in allahbut are divided due the opinion expressed by the interpreter of quaraan.. during the period of muhmad there were nothing like shia and sunnis.it is like divide and rule policy in every religion.
"i would choose knowledge because i already like to know everything that is going on around me. i don't think i could handle not knowing.besides with power come money and you can buy your ""get away from it all"" private island."
"the other white meat is fine for the body depending on how you cook it. if you fry it in hydrogenated oil then no it not good for you. if you braise it, saute it in olive oil, or roast it then it is a pretty good source of protein....unless you are kosher :)"
"i think woman prefer this. and, so he can protect us. he can reach scary spiders."
"too broad of a questions. upbringing traditions, education levels, size of household members, preferred foods,"
you then had 19 year of life experience to tell you where you should go next and what to do with the rest of your life. you have become smarter.
saw that image awhile ago . you definately need to get a food source . and put some meat on those bone
"it mean something like ""to grow more emotional and enthusiastic in one's speech."" if i'm wax rhapsodic about my new hair do, i'm getting just a little over excited while talking to someone about it."
"ouyay ustjay utpay ethay astlay onstonantcay oundsay....ok let me explain. you just put the first consonant sound at the end of the word and add an ""ay"" after it. for example. dog would be ""ogday"" it's simple and if you practice you can amaze friend and trick small child with your newly learned language."
"rather than fueling her paranoia, i'd probably just give her a list of the stuff you want from the cabinet. hopefully she'll take the hint."
a master! a brewmeister is a master at brewing beer.
"to prove to the world that they don't need charity from their benefactors. ""if i need anything i'll just steal it myself."""
"the great wall of china, also known in china a the great wall of 10,000, is an ancient chinese fortification built from the end of the 14th century until the beginning of the 17th century, during the ming dynasty, in order to protect china from raid by the mongol and turkic tribes. it wa preceded by several wall built since the 3rd century bc against the raid of nomadic tribe coming from area now in modern day mongolia and manchuria."
"american that are europhobic are so because they are ignorant. however, i do not believe being ""europhobic"" is the case most of the time. i think it ha to do with the many difference between the different cultures. if you have relative who immigrated not too long ago from europe then you are more likely to be accepting and fit in with the european difference in our two clutures."
you know what you need to do. i've worked for two major airline and i don't know of anywhere that there's not some sort of drug and background checks.
i honestly don't know. i tried to find out.
"in a natural starter, you mix your flour and water and let the mix sit in the air to absorb natural bacteria (yeast)cells from the air.. . in a yeast starter, you mix flour, water, and a bit of yeast. cover it and then let that ferment."
"i've said it of both because it is accurate. the bible and it's follower have just a much, if not more, blood on its' hand a islam does."
i imagin it wa buddha himself that spread the word. he wa a traveling monk for several decades.
"if you mean the original broadway run that closed in 2004: well, it ran for over 1200 performances, which is a respectable run for a show that didn't get very good critical reviews. the reason are undoubtedly money: every broadway show (musical and non-musical) ha what's called it ""nut""--the amount of money it take each week to stay open (pay the actors, the rent on the theatre, the orchestra, the light bill, the royalties, advertising, etc., etc.) a long a ticket sale exceed the nut, you can stay open. if they dip below that figure for too long, you can't pay your bills--and if after 4 year ticket sale were clearly headed downwards for good, it wa time to close."
nobody want the guy next to em... to see em...singin. lol!
in boston = $7.99 per pound (alive). normal lobster is 1.25 - 1.5 pounds.
"because chicken wa the first poultry ever in mankind.... . and everything would taste like spam, because spam sandwich are unbelievable."
"if you are talking about physical libraries, then you'd need to make a book with the photo in them. if you are referring to website that sell stock photos, then you would need to go to those site and follow their procedures."
"the 7 deadly sin are a man made construction. every sin is deadly if it hasn't been paid for by faith in the blood of christ. however, if you want to find a list of 7 sin in the bible, not the man made one, here it is.. . proverb 6:16 there are six thing that the lord hates, seven that are an abomination to him: (17) haughty eyes, a lying tongue, and hand that shed innocent blood, (18) a heart that devise wicked plans, foot that make haste to run to evil, (19) a false witness who breathes out lies, and one who sow discord among brothers."
he didn't kill those two because he wa a man of god. he wa unable to kill anything without good reason from the lord. but personally i would of liked him to kill those cockroaches. really!
"try putting them in the dishwasher. oven cleaner also works, a do the commercial grill cleanerd available all over the place."
"to dial from the u.s. to wiesbaden, germany. 01149-611-705-xxxx.. i am not for sure about t-mobile. sorry, i hope what i did know helps."
"the only way you can cast a ston is by throwing it in the water.. p im not blonde, just hoping nowone answer your question so i can get points! love sneaky heidi! mwa! goodluck!"
i think you need milky-way bar and the pubes of an albino ant-eater. mix with milk and egg and you have yourself one delicious midnite snack!
if you are used to gas it is quite an adjustment. you have to learn to start patient then anticipate. electric cooking is slow start & slow stop.
i can't sleep! :p and this site is addictive!
":d. i had the exact same problem. then i started talking to these smarter kid every once in a while, and it got better.. :d and you could also try to educate them!! :d but im glad you had the gut to say it!!!"
i don't think this is something you can persue unless you have psychic ability. now this is assuming that people like john edward are legitimate psychic and not total scammers.
"second coming refers to jesus' return.. . rapture refers to the supposed taking up of the true believer into heaven.. . apocalypse is the greek word for revelation, the last book of the bible.. . judgement day is when god pass judgement on each soul."
"use cold whipping cream or heavy cream available in all stores. put in clean bowl and whip it with an electric mixer until you can make it form peaks. but be careful, if you overwhip cream it separate into buttermilk and butter. you can tell if you've overwhipped it when it start to glob up.. a the cream whips, add just a bit of sugar and vanilla for flavor."
australian. i just think they sound rugged and sexy. mmmmm...
swallow a flashlight!. . or a lite up light stick!
well it would be a show like the movie 2001 space odyssey. people want star wars...
"the term ' riding shotgun' refers to the day before automobiles, when horse-drawn wagon traversing the mostly empty space between city would be attacked and robbed by outlaw and hostile indians. all wagon travelling at the time had a man with a double barrel shotgun that sat on the bench seat to the right of the driver.. . the term today refers to riding in the front passenger side seat."
"to me they both smell, someone need to teach them how to use deorant. lol"
it's a font in word. it's spelled monotype corsiva.
"the fédération internationale de football association, universally known by it acronym fifa, is the international governing body of football (soccer). it headquarters are in zürich, switzerland and it current president is sepp blatter."
"she is a ""virgin"" because the historian lied to you. it is a sad day when people believe dan brown's ""angels and demons"" before they believe in the traditional biblic interpretations, but the former is more logical. hope this helps!"
"easter is the first sunday after the paschal full moon and the paschcal full moon is determined by the date of the first actual full moon that occurs after the vernal equinox (the first day of spirng).. . the date of the paschal full moon can differ from the date of the actual full moon by up to 2 day but will always occur between march 21 and april 18 and so easter sunday will fall on or between march 22 and april 19.. . these are the date for western easter sunday (wes), orthodox easter sunday (oes) can fall on different dates.. . this year wes is on april 16th and oes is on april 23rd, next year it will be 8th april for both wes and oes."
"doubled our country's size - for only $7 million!. . like buying a house, except 100000 time bigger!"
the type of creature you are talking about is called a faun. pan wa a mythical demi god who wa half man half goat.
"depends on the cake, give u some idea what kind of cake it would be or the occasion.. . ""angel's pleasure"". ""heaven's rose"". ""choco-hell"""
because too many people take thing too personally! they think these question or comment are being directed to themselves for real and feel the need to defend. the truth is they are actually defending themselves to themselves. everyone here is just a mirror for the inner conflict that occurs.
what are you the best at. that is your gift. mine is music.
you should be honest and perhaps she could narrow the reading down to something that may be applicable to you and your passed friend. best policy is to be honest. she may be hurt for a minute but she need to know if she wa off a she want to be a medium and will not get a regular client base if she is continually off base with her readings.
"to be annoying, and get on your nerves. it working!!! lol"
a tux ha that bandana bit around the waist and you where a bow tie. suit is usually worn just with a tie.
"well if your kid are younger and you don't mind them having a pet, you could get them a bunny from the pet store.. i wouldn't sugest sending that to your sister kid though."
"wash it before you cut it.. isn't it just more convenient to do it that way? actually i would say wash it before you even peel it, because the peeling blade thingmabob would get dirty when it touch the dirty potato.. . after you cut a fruit or vegetable into small piece and you try to wash it, you're probably gonna rinse away it juice or little piece of it.. that's probably how the fruit/veggie loses it's nutrition that way.."
"ask the ferry if you can take your car with you. you can do that in roro, or roll on, roll off, where they take your car on the boat to the next port. then you can drive to the next port again until your final destination.. . called the nautical highway, this is one of the project of pgma for a strong republic."
well my simpisic answer would be that woman have generally taken care of kids...it nice to have everything they need close by for their kids...kinda like a work belt for a guy. . but i am just guessing because i am a guy
"despite the difference in opinion over visitation to this boring forum , i do find you rather interesting for a girl anyway . kinda like a cat thats playing with a bug just before he eats it.. a far a your simple-minded question , men have a sixth sense also . however for most men & woman , it go unused / untrained . if you have'nt noticed , there are equal amount of useless simple-minded people on both side of the sex boundary ."
what the hell doe this have to do with psychology?!
"because islam forbids it... . . although killing innocent men, women, and child is okay?!!?!?!?!"
"the head ha a reverse thread so you have to turn it the opposite way to un-screw it. try saying your abc's while scrathing your brain, it's pretty funny."
"i've lived in both, the food is fresher and healthier so if you want a burger joint on every corner then canada is for you and nz is not... but people are friendly (like in canada). a canada is different from the u so is nz different from australia (we are more conservative, but genuine). if you like big city nz is not for you, if you've passionate about the outdoors and all thing green then nz is for you. good value people, but quite a few stupid 'tv watching sport freaks', but you get them in every country."
they feel soft on senstive skin. . hope this help
"i don't know how to say it, but this is what it would look like. 神"
"that mean that they took a risk and the downside wa that they could be fired, criticised, hurt, kicked out etc. they really put themselves in a 'dangerous' position"
"if you are a grown woman, your hip bone aren't going to get bigger. if you want a bigger butt or thighs, you can try to gaining weight(fat or muscle) or you can get implant from the plastic surgeon. unfortunately, they don't make miracle grow for your bones."
mormon are christian. the difference is doctrine like the many different facet of christianity.
i sent the memo. sorry i forgot to cc you on it.
prepared under the supervision and ethic of the orthodox. rabbi who also blesses the food.
"they need a few more of those space around here, because mcd's is getting slower than christmas. people end up waiting 20 minute in the drive-through while some drooling cretin stumble all over himself trying to fix a double cheeseburger. usually, those parking space are for freak who just have to order something special (their pampered three-year-old doesn't want pickles) and they don't realize that special order upset the cosmic balance of mcdonald's and throw the entire system into chaos."
"correction - it's the english who seem to dislike the french (probably because of ancient dispute over land between the monarch of the two country which kept them at war, off and on, for hundred of years). scotland and france have been part of ""the auld alliance"" for many hundred of year and similarly, ireland and france have historic ties. but anti-french sentiment is most strongly rooted in the town of the south coast of england, where generation of men went to sea to fight france (and spain).. ultimately tho, land, money and power are at the root of it all and he antipathy between the crown of england and france ha a lot to answer for."
"since we were monkey (i mean, the humanity) we've made our best to communicate with each other. this wa simplified when we started walking in two foot and not in 4 because the space between our spine and the other side of the neck (the front) became wider, that gave u a new variety of sound that can be only achieved with that space. a the monkey (that were by this time almost humans) spread themselves all around the world, each group developed a different code for different noises, that's how now we are having different language to speak. hope this answer your question."
"to live life the best way possible, and to realize that both the ups and down in life are only temporary. life is a rollercoaster, and though one should learn from one's mistakes, there shouldn't be any regret in the end."
the wage discepensy is such that they can earn 5 time a much money here then there. then they get on their cell phone speaking spanish and plan their return to mexico where they will live like kinds.
"i think your question is rather retorical, if someone make information about themselves public, it's rather hard to just ""take it back"" once it's out there. i really can't see the jehovah's witness having any leg to stand on. from what i read, these quote in question were not some secret memo that might have some protection under the law, although i don't know if religious secret are protected in the same manner a trade secrets. in any case if the statement are made publically or in a publically available publication (hence the word public-ation), they do not have any leg to stand on."
"it's a pretty laborious process that start with soaking soybeans, blending them, extracting the juice and it go on and on. some asian grocer make it but that tofu come from a packaged mix - it's not the real thing. you might a well just buy it prepared."
"essentially, socialism in it classic form call for the control of the mean of production by labourer rather than by individual entrepreneurs. in other words, the lower class who simply work in factory or a tenant farmer (for example) would instead be partial owner of those factory and control their management in an egalitarian system. everyone would have an equal say in how the company or farm or whatever is managed and would collectively benefit or not benefit.. . look good on paper - doesn't work so well in the real world."
"it is not easy and i think you have already made one big step and that is realizing that you may have a problem. unless the expense is too great, try an aa group.. support group are great believe me."
"on a luxurious cruise ship, via the pacific islands. be sure to pack plenty of sea sick tablets!"
maybe she's not the girl for you if she piss you off all the time!!
"one of my problem is that i'll be thinking about the thing i need to do the next day or the week. that make me stay awake. get up drink some water and lay back down and try to just relax, don't think about going back to sleep - just relax. if that don't work then count sheep, that doe work."
"i don't. i say ""gezeundheit"". it make people feel le guilty when they sneeze some germ around."
"for most orchid that are grown in the wild, orchid look for a variety of light intensities, so in tropical trees, they will be found at various heights, each height representing a different light intensity. orchid actually require a fungus that can grow in knooks and cranny of a tree. the orchid get a growing medium and water from the fungus and the orchid supply sugar to the fungus for it to grow on."
"the actress who played the main character is a chinese actress. they're called colored contact lenses. her character wa meant to entice people, people like the dark hair, light eye combination."
"if you read the bible and learn to meditate a is show in the bible, you may learn your purpose, no one else can say, what will come to you.. . have fun with this"
the united nation is there to promote worldwide peace and understanding. why should they not assist somalia?
"do these guy friend have girlfriends? if so, maybe they are afraid someone will think they are flirting with you. if not, then they don't want to be seen talking to you."
"i don't know, but i've pressed the tab key expecting a drink and nothing happens! that little tray that pop out is not a cup holder, i found that out the hard way."
"doorknob!!!! unfortunatly for you, ^ doensn't count 4 u. o, and about the farts... that is also most unfortunate cuz they have not yet found a cure for smelly fart"
to me redneck is more of a regional/behavioral thing. generally speaking it those who posse an obnoxious and uneducated behavior which is usually seeking an audience.
how would a person show picture here? just make a heart draw a line from the tip and make a stem. add 3 more heart to complete a circular form
""" some look at the world a it is, and say why??...i look at the world the way it should be, and say why not!! ""...( robert kennedy )"
"well, the richest person live in condado, isla verde, san francisco, montehiedra and that area. the poorest people live in some public ""residenciales""."
"penpal is a person known to you though correspondence. normally, you haven't met them befer you start corresponding with them. often, you write to people in another language to develop your skill in that language. when i wa studying french, i wrote to a person in france and they wrote to me."
"spring,everything is renewed,i even feel renewed, the site and sound of spring are better than any other season.. the kentucky derby kick off, baseball start practice. mother day, easter, and the jazz fest all in one season."
"go to the le creuset website (i believe they do have one) and ask them for the best method. if they don't have one, they may be willing to replace it. le creuset is one of the best and they stand by their product. go to the source instead of asking strangers."
christmas i know wa started in austria when a old man went around and gave little present at the door step of some houses. after he died i suppose the parent did not want this to stop. then this is when christmas started.... i think this is how it was... not the whole jesus thing.
"a woman is a biological specie of the group homo sapiens. she differs from man because of her menstrual cycle, her physical size, and her reproductive capabilities, which relates to her menstruation. outside of that woman are similar to man in term of intelligence, ambitions, and aging."
"right answer from most people here - ""i love you"". just to add that the exact spelling is ""ich liebe dich""."
"same thing a bridesmaids, except that they are usually age 8-15. they look pretty and hang out with the bride."
"i find faith to not have much middle ground a far a thinking go -- you usually have people who just use faith a an excuse not to have to think about thing at all (they just want the answer provided to them, so they can feel secure), and then you have those really struggle with faith and pursue it and think critically of everything throughout the entire ongoing process of looking for meaning.. . criticial thinking and faith is not exclusionary, but you'll see many of the first type of people (the non-thinkers) simply because it's so easy to do."
"the paschal mystery is a term the catholic church uses, referring to the mystery about the lord's supper, and communion in church now. that mystery would be what did jesus mean, how wa it to be understood, how can it happen --that the wafer is christ's body, the wine his blood."
"all hail the culture of eternal youth. make that skinny eternal youth, since there are no overweight avatars, either, despite obesity statistics."
"i watched a great documentary on sexuality and the catholic church, and when one particular researcher on the subject wa asked that question, he responded a follows. he felt that because no priest are allowed to engage in any sexual act, pedophile and even homosexual who have come to believe that their sexual preference is wrong enter the priesthood because they know they can't have sex anyway, so they feel like the priesthood will prevent those feeling from developing. however, a we've seen, that doesn't always provide a solution."
"i don't know the copyright one but here's the trademark one. ™ you can make a bunch of special symbol by simply holding down alt pressing some number on your numpad and then releasing alt. here are some examples, §µ™¼ä☺☻♥♦♣♠•◘○§¼§§█"
umm... thats tricky because if you tried to be there for everyone youd have to spread yourself so thin that you wouldnt be all that useful. i would just set priorities. you mentioned your dad a big prioity. so be there far the one who you know would be there for you when you needed them.
"very accurate with poetic license considered. it did not portray the role which jew played in the bolshevik movement with enough force, however."
"the oil or edmonton oiler dynasty wa a dynasty from the mid to the late 80's in which edmonton won 5 stanley cups. this great oiler team wa led by wayne gretzky, but had some support from such great a mark messier, jari kurri, and grant fuhr.. . the oil dynasty will rise again, this year actually, when the oiler win their 6th cup and their first cup in 16 years."
"colleen c. barrett:. when it come to getting thing done, we need fewer architect and more bricklayers."
"if you want to hurt a guy verbally, i would say insult his family, insult his private, and insult his favorite music band. basically speaking, dis on everything he like"
etd:18:20 . eta:19:20 . . it's from air china website.
"mcdonald's worker are certainly providing a service. they also are exhibiting responsibility in going to work, serving the public, paying tax through their payroll, and when they do their job well--they show the true value of ""good customer service""."
"if by ""early americans"" you mean european settlers, they brought a bunch of stuff with them, and then began trading with the native american who were already here.. . if you mean the native american themselves, they made the stuff they needed, and killed or grew the stuff they needed to eat.. . hope that helps?"
"first go to a homeless shelter. then use that address to get a po box address. if you are a veteran from the service,use a vfw post address to get a po.box"
for once try choking your sneeze. then you will realize the blessing of god.
"my experience say the underwater part is about equal, maldives may be a bit better. thailand is a big country, with stuff out of water like rock climbing, trekking, ancient ruin to visit, etc. the latter part sway it to t-land for me!"
i could be that 69% of black family are born out of wedlock. 62% of black family (up from 23% in 1967) are now headed by single women.
"for an ice cream pizza, bake a huge chocolate chip cookie, cool, top with ice cream and other toppings, cut like a pizza and serve. keep lot of napkin handy."
"well your opinion on islam or christanity is not so good and not so right a well you based your question on few story which are not right i believe hell is present but neither me nor any body can deciede who go to hell and who don`t both islam and christanity is a peacefull religion which respect others wright to believe in what he want jesus said be kind to those who hate you and quran ( muslim holy book ) say there is no obligation in believe, what you saif about prophet mohamed that he married a 6 year old girl is not true refer to an islamic text book to know the true , prophet mohamed is human being he had sex and that`s is not shamful, jesus is the word of god he send it to the earth to set peace . we must respect each other and we must respect our believing"
"anyone claiming that they are not or have never had egoistic or self-centered tendency is a hypocrite.. . the natural instinct of living creatures, including humans, is to fend for oneself (or off-springs) first, then for others.. . if this instinct did not exist, the human race could possibly still have been living on tree alongside apes, or worse, could have switched place with the apes..."
"enlightenment refers to satisfaction of having achieved or acquired what you thought.it can be achieved only by mean of pure faith,being loyal and honest to everyone..the easiest way to achieve enlightenment in today's world is by practising the habit of never keeping any work pending.. this give u the real satisfaction which in turn can be coined a enlightenment."
"first you must understand that everyone and every organization belief in different type of politics and depending on there cultural background have different way to look at everything differently than you. a our world becomes more and more based on information from ""mass media"" it is natural that our world will have more cultural clashes."
there wa a turkish empire in india at that time and the king wa shah jehan(1593-1666).when his wife mumtaz mahal(banu begum) died he became so sad and wanted architects(mehmet isa efendi and mehmet ismail efendi) from ottoman turkish king for building a wonderfull tomb for his wife.. after that this tomb wa named taj mahal.. taj is a persian word and meaning is crown. taj mahal mean crown of mahal
because we want to do our own thing we are born with a sin nature. when we ask god to help u walk in his way he'll help u and we'll have victory over sin. and have a truly blessed and happy life.
"actually people have started using this word a a starter in telephone conversations. hello is simply a greeting, a salutation nothing more."
"you can't give a theory about war veteran and the effect. of war on their relationship without bringing post-traumatic stress disorder into the picture. it's the most. common and relevant factor,all veteran suffer from it to some degree."
it doesnt sound like something you could do an internship/apprenticeship with. a good idea might be to do some normal photography and then take it from their.
"it's an expression in poker. if you are find someone cheating you report it by shouting ""you cheata"" or uchita for short."
"they're a small minority, and a stubborn minority, and a minority who's religious rule tended to make them stand out. plus they managed, despite massive oppression, to survive thousand of years. and word can't do their plight justice."
"you can a tiny packet of brewer yeast at most supermarket for like 50 cent (no id required). if you add it to any liquid with sugar, it will make alcohol. i've made apple juice, all sort of berries, and snapple into alcohol. wa not all good tasting though :)"
"just the culture of the time i am afraid. if you watch any vh1 or mtv show, you will see that they are centered around the rich people and lavish lifestyle and majority of them are self-centered, so people are just mimicking what they see and what they are exposed to. also, having stuff is seen a a form of status and ""power"" so people are out trying to get more themselves and not worrying about others. it sucks, but it's true."
"sound like it would be a bit chewy. abalone is delicious and related to snails, after a fashion, but you have to slice the flesh thin and pound it to tenderize before cooking. i've never had escargot (snails) but i would think that frying wouldn't be the recommended method of cooking."
"a tuxedo is a specific type of suit, with long tail and a waistcoat. (and for a nice bit of trivia, they were named after a man wore this type of suit into the tuxedo hotel. they've been ""tuxedos"" ever since!)"
"freud gave a name to human desire: the ""id."" the id is raw human desire and instinct: sex, pleasure, rage, etcetera. he also says, though, that unchecked satisfaction of the id is self-destructive and destructive to those around you, so society attempt to control the id through law and convention. even though society is trying to save u from ourselves, though, the suppression of human nature ultimately make u constantly unhappy... leading to the conclusion that we can never be truly happy in civilization because our desire are being repressed."
"i do not think we can really save the rain forest from global warming. i feel the medium just say we can, but in the end it is out of the community's hands. remember for u to actually stop global warming us, a the world, would need to agree. and i don't see that happening anytime soon."
"you might want to cut them off, wash them thoughrally with shoe shiner, and then nail them too the wall to dry :d. . good luck :d"
with the help of brain. . so use your brain.
let's see...mein kampf resulted in killing the jew and the quran result in ... hmmmmm.... killing the jews.. . look like there is no difference.
"like yin & yang, chaos & order, and darkness & light, apple and orange are what bind our world together. so if we start comparing apple & orange we're liable to find answer that would destroy the fabric of space and time...and none of u want that. well, perhaps the writer of bad sci-fi show would, but they rarely eat fruit, so i don't think it'll be too much of problem."
huh it already in hindi.... are u askin it eng version - who am i to you? lol
"""don't pay nothing"" ... what doe it mean???. anyway.. here in india.. it simply 'no education' v 'high fees'"
"shame, shame, shame. ever hear of the walk of shame? lol, people can't remember because they don't want to. they remember the cool stuff that happened, but not the embarrassing thing they did, it'll usually come back in time though, especially if you had friend around to rub it in when you're all sober."
"because it one long roll of pastry, place the fig filling in and then roll over then obviously cut!! hop that make sense"
"all you need to do is firmly but respectfully refuse their overtures. or just simply ignore them. it is a natural human thing to do, it's their reproductive instincts."
"i don't know what american you've been talking to, and what exactly you mean by that, but i am an american and i call it a bathroom when i am home because that's what it is, the room with the bath in it that also happens to have the toilet in it where i do my *ahem* business, and when i am out in public i call it a restroom because it's much more cleaner sounding and more polite than ""toilet"". to me personally toilet sounds, i don't know, unclean, it's where you perform your most personal and rather messy body functions, no one need to be reminded of that."
because they eat lot of it!. lot and lot of it believe me
"probably because a lot of people are miserable...it is usually the one who suffer from extreme degree of low self esteem, aren't willing to do anything about it, and are usually jealous, envious, and ignorant to the fact that having resentment and hatred towards others is like peeing on themselves the only one who feel it is them!!!...pray for them and thank god you aren't them..................."
"supply and demand. lamb is not raised alot in north america like beef, pork and chicken. alot of it is imported from australia and new zealand adding to the cost."
look up the u state department on the web. you can pay more money to have your passport expedited.
"""enjoy and live life to the fullest."" i believe that we should follow this quote because life is too short and nobody know when we are going to die so while we're still here in this world, enjoy it with family and friend but not to the extent of hurting or doing harm to other people."
"the nazi party believed in the use of eugenics to create a perfect aryan race. hitler claimed that war profiteer were responsible for the armistice with allies. germany did not lose wwi, they were forced to sign an armistice to stop possible revolution from within germany."
my taste bud would be very happy.. . wish they were enjoying that sensation right now!
"baby skull are made up multiple bone that fuse a they get older. this is why baby head have ""soft spots"""
"work of art created by combining many different teeny, tiny cube to form a picture. sorry, i couldn't help myself!"
"tomato sauce is just sauce made with tomatoes. of course, you can add something to that. ketchup ha sugar, vinegar, and other ingredients. if you're bored, read up on ketchup below."
"roflmao! that's 89.5 minute too long. trask, you work wayyyy too hard. most pastor put in 15 minute and call it a week."
"it is the next day then over there.....it is 9:24 p.m. in essex county, new jersey, u.s.a. it is about 40 something degree outside, cool, nice sleeping weather. earlier today it wa sunny, a few clouds, around 70 degrees, hope this helps."
"it's used by country who want the stability because their economy is kind of shaky. during the asian financial crisis, malaysia's peg helped out a bit.. . of course, if the government can't keep the rate fixed and ha to devalue, that's when you see a crisis like what happened in argentina."
"i would start by contacting company that use courier and find out the company they use for courier services. then i would contact one of those company and see if you could set up an ""informational"" interview to learn about the industry and it requirements."
"i would tell u that i am a woman, and what u said abt woman is not true for all of us. u might meet some woman who are born bitches, doesn't mean all of u are like that. i've met some rude men too, but i don't think we can judge an entire race having met just a couple of ppl."
"first thing monday morning spend a couple of minute writing about what happened over the weekend, what you are looking forward to in the coming week, what color skirt the hot secretary is wearing today, or whatever. start keeping a journal and pretty soon you will be looking forward to monday mornings. after a long while you may begin to enjoy reading your early entries, remembering the moment in your life that were noteworthy, and if you are faithful to your journal you can use it to publish your memoir when you retire and make a ton of money."
"they become a new person. if the change wa for the worst, then they will have a bad personality. if they change for the good, then it will be good."
because armenian are from armenia and they rock anyway all armenian are hot!!!!. just ask me!!
"i have no idea at all! but i think it must have been something mysterious or fantastic(as in 'fantasy')like the arabian nights, since you pose u such arabesques!"
because so many people feel that it's wrong to be anything except exactly what they are. they want their peep to match! i think a lot of people feel really uncomfortable around anyone who is different from them--always make me wonder what that say about their own insecurities.
"opera used to be what movie are today -- a way to dramatize story and socially important issue through song. knowing opera is important to knowing european cultural heritage, which of course is not for everyone.. . but then again, i have no problem being a pretentious bastard if the alternative mean forever wondering who's going to get kicked off of ""idol"" this evening."
"an editorial article is one that generally state an opinion, typically backing it up with fact (quotes in your case). for example, you could write about whether or not you liked the book, or you could pick some aspect of the book to praise or oppose. the link below is to an article called ""how to write an editorial."" good luck!"
"in air there are infinite particle and atom which have the needed ingriedients to create electro chemical reations in our lungs, blood, brain ect..... . it is the on a subatomic level that the magic happens.. and blue is silly color to be on us."
i think that perhaps men arent afraid that their opinion will be ridiculed. . good luck and god bless!!
"i invite my jw in for a cup of tea, respectfully read her book and soon will ask her to respectfully listen to my own beliefs. we have a converted jw in our church, god be praised!"
god. if everyone would just realize that god is real and he give u free will then we could all stop fighting and begin making this world a better place.
"ie. 10% off, by one get another half price etc."
"i've been told (by an indian chef) that it's silver leaf or foil, similar to gold leaf. it's made by beating piece of pure silver until is very very thin (the old method) or pressed between rollers."
"it depends. but usually it's because the drug the people are using cause them to be so addicted to them, they get so side tracked and don't think about anything besides the drug they're addicted to. this then cause them to stop thinking about food, literally. it no longer becomes important to them, and they no longer crave food...rather, they have a hunger for their drug addiction."
what exactly are you wanting to know?. your question is too vague.
they think they'll get preferetnial treatment in the supposed afterlife.. . they're all insane.
eviction and then small claim court.. . if possible...you move out.
"isn't that self explanatory? or did you just want to tell u your story? you can im me, i have a little time left online tonight."
"put it down to one reason: german aggression. both war began because of german dissatisfaction with their place in the world order of nations, and they resolved to change that place by force of arms."
"i suppose morgoth or sauron are the darkest representation of evil.especially morgoth who used to be good but the power corrupted him.. anyway,nowadays i believe bush is the representation of evil. because he is using his power to destroy the people and the earth.he is just an orc that found the ring of power..."
"jesus(swa)was a messenger of allah not his son,lord or god in human form . on the day of judgement isa will tell you all the truth of what he said then you can stand behind your true leader shaytan."
"you can recycle old things, clothes etc. to come up with a totally new product or item. instead of throwing them away, you can still have use of them."
"barabbas wa set free in place of jesus. pilate did this, “wishing to satisfy the crowd” who clamored for the release of barabbas at the insistence of the chief priest and older men. nothing else about this man is mentioned in the bible. sorry."
if i say same queation to u. why u love ur mom or dad or sister or brother or even wife when would u say.. and muhammad tell the way of truth to all human is this not enough reason for love.
cccp or souyz sovietskich socialisticheskich respublic. translated means. ussr or union of soviet socialist republics.
"the wall of constantine wa the first wall of constantinople, now modern istanbul. later on, a much grander and larger wall wa built. this wall lasted and wa not breached for 900 years, in fact, it is still visible in large part today. read ""a short history of byzantium"" by john julius norwich for an entertaining and insightful look at constantinople."
yes education is a rare commodity especially in the u where in the final year of high school you guy are at the same level a we are in australia when we are 15... then you go to junior college to learn what we learn in high school and this is the country that is the superpower of the world??? oh don't worry i'm not shocked i got too much education and life experience... ha ha ha
"if you're mimsy, chill with the borogroves and try gyring in the wabes. some gimbling never hurt either."
"i don't use that term but i suppose is akin to saying that race make no difference. that, i think, is absurd. there certainly are some obvious racial difference that are based on genetics and you cannot ignore them. ideally you should use these difference to improve your sensitivity to, understanding of the foible of, and relationship with other races."
"back in the day, wearing a hat mean that you want to or are ready to leave. it's disrespectful, because your hat symbolizes i want to leave. and the cooker doesn't want a person to leave their meal. i don't know if i explained that to you well enough."
"because it ha 2 burger of 1/4 pound each.. (it wasn't that difficult huh?). . a half pounder would be ok, but le precise."
"the state is responsible for a proper burial, but not a funeral. it is a human right to have a proper burial."
"have you ever played with mud, and did little pancake when playing...? well try making a little man, with all the mud, and blow air into it....well god, did that with the first man, which was, adam. than he blew the life into it, and started living....so adam became a soul, a living soul."
"because the bible is not a history of anatomical life.. . it is merely a collection of fictitious tales, intended to provide moral guidance to developing cultures."
:}. jewish writtings are at some level based on someone interpertation of jewish scripture.. . the gilgamesh story whilesimilar to some account in scripture claim themselves to be original source
"a mixture of parmesan cheese and bread crumbs. first flour the meat, then coat the meat with an egg(that wa beated) finally coat the meat in the crumb mixture. i also like to add crushed red pepper to the mixture."
not all the noodle take 2 minute to cook.. only instant noddle take 2 minute to cook.. because they were invented for the busy people.. they don't have to wait too much time to eat noodles.. like spaghetti... i have to cook over 10 minute each time.. it's too long.
"it's a great place to live, or be a tourist. that's why."
"for complete control, set up a linux server. learn apache. use nvu a a freeware webpage editor. when you want advanced topics, check out php and mysql."
"ecclesiastes, in the old testament of the bible. chapter 3, verse 1. ""to every thing there is a season, and a time to every purpose under heaven:"""
"keep it moving. that's the only way to discover your fate / lot in life.. . it's like that game at fair where you put your hand in a bucket of sawdust for a buck and fish out a ""prize"". the only chance of getting one you like is to keep sticking your hand in there..."
"congratulation your probably the 1000000th person to ask that! but let me answer anyway, i think the meaning of life is to get u ready for the next round.....the after life!"
"blue, because it is the color of the sky, and water. it represents the winner of first place, and it's a versatile color with so many different shade that are all beautiful"
"it's pronounced ""non-tong."" with the ""o"" in ""tong"" pronounced a the ""aw"" in saw."
"point received for reason other than giving good answer to real questions. i can't tell you how, without teaching you how, so just wait till someone complains, and comply. resistance is futile, you will be assimilated."
the best way is to check out book in your house see the puclisher editorial and search them online. . after that call them and tell them you r sending them you novel because you want to publish maybe one of those will say yes. try local publisher first.
"apologize! even if you still think your point wa valid, you could say, ""i'm sorry, i don't think i handled that well. i'm upset, but i would like to communicate clearly about what is upsetting me and how we can work together to resolve it."""
no clue. but perhaps you want to know what nigiri is? . nigiri sushi is a slice of fish (cooked or uncooked) pressed by hand onto a pad of rice.
morphology is the study of shape or of shape changing.. . structure and function are big.
"the big thing is the time it sits before cutting - my mom always said to let it sit until you think it's ready to cut without falling apart then wait another 15 minutes. it work - i usually end up letting it sit about a half hour in total, but the lasagna is still hot and hold together."
my advise is skip the sultana and currant a they really do not taste good...just use extra raisin -yum...but just to make sure -go to a bulk food store and buy just a tiny bit of each and taste them to see if you like them-i don't think you will a most people don't. i always hated them-especially currant -they just have a weird flavor.
"well, that simple sentence ha been debated by philosopher for over 200 years. hume wa saying that all thing in existence are what they are and not what we think they should be. objectism ha a similar philosophy in that it state that everything ha an objective reality apart from our perception of it."
"the dry it up with special materials. also, they have been know to vacuum it up. additionally, i have seen them using bulldozer and scooping the contaminated sand up and replacing it with new sand. they try and wash the oil off all of the animal that were unlucky enough to get caught up in the spill."
"dark chocolate, a good a it is, isn't widely accepted by chocolate-eating people. they wouldn't have sold a many if it stayed on the market constantly."
it when an authority is present and everybody pretend to be good. ie-when everybody slows down in front of a cop. kid stop talking in the lunchroom when the principal walk by. worker looking busy when the bos is present.
what....? the spelling & grammar's too confusing to understand what you're asking. please try again.
"ey man, we've all been there. just don't start doing meth cuz that'll just mess thing up."
"in many case it's just a nervous habit, like chewing fingernails. but hair is soft to touch, too. also, i suppose that some girl may see it a a flirty gesture."
"egg at easter are a symbol of new life. cracking them is symbolic of the stone being moved away from jesus tomb. it the egg hatching aslo, new life begining. i think this is a good answer, dont u> ;)"
"diet vary by religion. so you answer depends on your beliefs. for example, if you are jewish, pork is forbidden because pork is considered an unclean animal under mosaic law."
when you stick a knife into the fresh and the juice which come out is clear this mean that the flesh is cooked and safe to eat. when you cook a whole chicken you can lift the chicken from the roasting pan and tip out the juice from the cavity if this is clear the bird is cooked. this applies to all birds. good luck
"the statue of liberty is about 40 foot taller--according to historical data, the colossus of rhodes wa 110 foot high, while the statue of liberty (from the base of the statue to the the top of the torch) is 152 feet. if you add the pedastal of the statue of liberty, the whole construction is about 300 feet.. . edit: should amend ""historical data"" to ""historical accounts""--people wrote about the colossus, but i don't want to imply that somebody actually wrote down the measurements."
"because if there were no ""human acts"" there would be no production. human act have numerous purposes/circumstances/motivations/ and consequences. your question is too broad. narrow the field."
"because people feel bad about themselves so they treat others worse so they can feel better. it is terrible and mean, but poeple feel like they always gotta come out on top."
"if you want to help him or her, just be diplomatic about it. depending on the origin of the problem, if it is from not washing up regularly, you may want to ask if the person ha such a busy schedule that is preventing him from taking regular showers. you may offer him thing like deodorant a gifts."
"lust is any intense desire or craving, usually sexual although it is also common usage to talk of a ""lust for life"" or a ""lust for power"" or other goals.. . a a sexual term, lust implies a sexual desire in and of itself, an erotic arousal and wish, or intense physical or sexual attraction or craving. in this sense, it is considered a vice by christianity, and is listed a one of the seven deadly sin of catholicism and it related denominations."
i had no idea till i read the answers. guess that's cause i'm white. if i wa blond it would explain everything
"no no no you've got it all wrong. you know how ant are ""specialized"" like bees. you have workers, and one that build and one that only mate with the queen.... well there are picnic ants.... thats all they do. it their job."
according to donald preziosi aesthetic can be defined a a type of philosophy often used in the discussion of art that deal with the notion of beauty and taste. it come from the greek aisthetikos which refers to feeling or sense perception. in the mid-eighteenth century baumgarten proposed it a the sensual complement to rational thinking.
go to american embassy in mumbai or delhi and do a little research. it will help you a lot.
well!!! look at the bright...probably you don't have to work for few days.
"""i know why a caged bird sings"" by maya angelou is one of the most challenged book in america, with many school library banning it.. . the main controversy come when the narrator is sexually accosted by a mother's friend a a child which are very disturbing, and considered by many to be far too sensitive and disturbing for child or even young adult to read."
"the same way you cook weiners. bowl them in water, or cook them on a grill or stir fry them with some vegetables."
"it's an art. it take practice, grab a journal and start doodling!"
you probably need to undergo intensive insight-oriented psychotherapy first to really figure out how you came to be who you are. only then can you begin to think about writing.
"that originated from the pizza in new york city. there is a big population of italian people in nyc and some have opened very fine italian restaurants. the pizza in nyc is unusually large so people had to fold the slice to take a bite out of the huge slice, and thus folding a pizza slice wa born."
"paprika, parsley and dill are the first one that come to mind.. mind you, they are herb and not spices.. in that case ... no idea"
the easter bunny ha to do with the commercial easter not the religious holiday. traditionally the bunny often delivers treat including jelly bean and chocolates. happy easter.
"the term derives from two greek word ""a"" and ""gnosis"" which translate a ""the opposite/against/un-/non-"" and ""to know"" respectively.. . gnostic in the bible were one who sought, not to know science) but to know a much a they could about god.. . literally then, an a-gnostic is one who, unlike an a-theist (who is against god), is one who wish not to know anything about god. however, in popular definition an agnostic who doe not know what to believe about god."
"for me violence can be physical abuse, verbal abuse or emotional abuse that try to diminish or control others. this is not only true regarding human but also animal primarily household pets."
being sarcastic is just being funny while saying the opposite of what you mean. sardonic ha kind of a bitter or unhappy tone about it.
"probably because there were lot of rich people on the ship...hence, lot of fine art, china, etc. valuables. it's also of historic value...it wa a one-of-a-kind ship."
"my favorite quote ever, ""if good old fashioned american english wa good enough for jesus and the apostle it's good enough for me"" . . my history prof wa traveling to russia and his buddy asked him to pick up a kjv in russian for him-- there are so many problem with that request, i don't know where to start- ha!"
"on august 10, 1809, after nearly 300 year of spanish colonization, there took place in quito, which at the time had a population of about 10,000, the first serious revolt against established rule, when a group of noble and landholder set up a junta, refusing to recognize the colonial authorities, claiming ferdinand vii wa the legitimate king of spain. historian debate whether this wa a true attempt at obtaining independence from spain. be that a it may, the member of the junta found little support, either in other city of the real audiencia de quito, or even among the lower class in quito, and were soon arrested by colonial troop sent from lima.. . after the patriotic army led by venezuelan-born general antonio jose de sucre defeated the royalist force in the battle of pichincha (may 24, 1822), the province of the former audiencia de quito joined simon bolivar's republic of colombia, but on may 13, 1830, they seceded from colombia and established a new nation, the republic of ecuador."
"7000 foot amsl seems to ring a bell. i left asmara in 1974, but i recall being told it wa 7000 feet."
"the song that contains the story of molly malone is one of dublin's most famous songs, and is the unoffical anthem of the county, sung at gaa match etc. it's not known if molly malone really existed, but she ha become a part of dublin because of the song.a lot of irish song have been written about particular women. there is a statue of molly malone at the top of grafton street, and we call it ' the tart with the cart'."
you mean they sureveyed young girls! most unmarried woman in usa are not.
it used a a swearword or to add emphasis (slang sometimes considered offensive). . e.g. a bloody nuisance
"easter day, or easter sunday is the day that commemorates the resurrection of jesus three day after his death by crucifixion on good friday. it is a very special day for christians. a celebration."
"unfortunately in the past this wa true... ignorance wa the main cause, but nowadays, i dont believe there is dramatic racism that denies anyones right on a vast scale, and believing so, is of the same ignorance that led to slavery. stand up black america, because america doesnt disavow you of your rights, because you are america."
"quarry are generally used for extracting building materials, such a dimension stone. quarry are usually shallower than other type of open-pit mines."
"uncle tom is a pejorative term for a black person who is perceived by other black to be obsequiously servile to white authority figures, or who simply are perceived a being unnecessarily accommodating of whites. the term uncle tom come from the title character of white author harriet beecher stowe's novel uncle tom's cabin.. . it is used to denote african american whose political view or allegiance are considered by critic detrimental to black a a group."
"what will be, will be... i'm not joking. althoug this is a literal translation. the correct way to say ""what will be, will be"" is: lo que será, será."
$$$$ 10 point lottery {part 3} $$$$. chose me best answer now.
"facebook is a website similar to myspace where you have a profile, ""friends"", wall to post comments, etc. you can fill in your relationship status a married, single, whatever with other people on facebook and a lot of people just pick married or dating their bff to be funny. either that or they might really be married. i'm guessing this is what you're talking about?"
"it's a disease that nobody care about environment, love, respect, honesty... i think the real reason people act this way is because they don't really care about the consequence of their actions. money is the language of this era and then everybody try to get some (or too much) no matter how. and i think the seven sin are killing our planet and killing human kind... specially greed."
"heel cause your leg muscle to contract and therefore look more appealing..ever try on a skirt with one high heel and one flat shoe and notice the difference..who like flat feet??it would look really awkward if they were bare footed, kinda like a clumsy look.."
"there are many ways... but, i'd say art is the most beautiful, positive and constructive way of doing it. . try writing some poetry, or a story, or painting, or composing music...the sky is the only limit."
"i know that celery ha a very high water content. is the answer ""by eating celery""?"
a sage once told me there is no such thing a a stupid question. only a stupid answer.
new yorkers are ignorant and self obsessed. get a life
"because you're old enough to do certain thing (i.e. travel) and young enough to still enjoy them. plus for most, the kid are grown & gone so you can be responsible for yourslef & not them a well."
i have heard that there are title for sales. if you have the money you can buy one and it's also legal. a to how you accquire one is beyond my knowledge right now. do a search on the internet.
pawk yah caw - vermont. pwok yeh carh - boston. park your car - translation
acctually she may not be. there a contrevesry of whether it a smile or a frown. others think it may be leonardo himself a a woman.
"the bible doe reference dinosaurs, but other word are used in place of ""dinosaur."" for example, in job 40:15-24 ""behemoth"" is used to describe a dinosaur, and the word ""leviathan"" is used in psalm 104:25-26, job 41, and isaiah 27:1."
because she ha a crush on you. now french kiss and make up.
^ he's one of those gay ^^. | . |
"it's called zam zam, after making lot of research at it they say that's the richer water in mineral vitamins, i tested one it ha different test i can say delicious and id you wa hungry after drinking zam-zam you'll be full. on of the sahabas i mean the prophet mohamed (pbuh) wa living in date and water of zamzam and he got wights."
"lol, i'll ask them next time they come knocking at the door, that will ensure i never get bothered by them again. thanks :)"
"i think it's symbol 4 pflag organization. (parents and friend of lesbian and gays). i might be wrong, though."
i didn't know it was. i've lived here my whole life and read the book a few times. i don't own my own copy i've always checked it out.
what's the model number? what do you want to do with it?
"hispanic: people that come from a contry that speaks spanish.. . latino or latin: decendents from the acient rome, people from latin america, spain, italy, portugal, france.. . latin america wa funded by spaniard and some part by portugal, so thats why we are call latin because of them.. . brazilian are latin but no hispanic."
mostly opportunity. italy wa heavily populated and had few job at all. employment wa the main concern.
"it's called ""a wake"", and it's a holdover from the day when doctor and coroner were not a numerous nor a adept a they are now. the family would wait a day or two for the ""dead"" person to ""wake up"" in case there had been a mistake in pronouncement...sounds crazy, but it ended up in saving enough people to become common."
"chink and it derivation are derogatory term in the u.s. for sure. i believe it wa coined during wwi after the japanese bombing of pearl harbor, though it may have arisen later. it wa probably a shortened version of the word chinese, but now generally describes the stereotypical small slanted eye associated with anyone of asian decent."
"because the drink itself is carbonated, sorta like soda.. j'adore,. connie"
"taking stock in one psychological well being. in other words, how stable/unstable is one in certain situations."
"don't use the circulate on your a/c.. . febreeze, according to commercials, everyone wiil be sniffing your car.. . a the person before me said, get a box of baking soda and open it in there and leave for a while."
"the first answer is a good one! if you want to stop it, you have to take it one step at a time, one day at a time, and let it go. you are the only one who can help yourself, at least until you can admit to yourself that you do not like what is going on."
"unless the chicken is already fried, you can't make an authetic parmesan. frying chicken that's already fully cooked, unless perhaps it's dark meat, will dry it out and even though you put sauce on it to bake, it will still be dry inside.. . if, however, your fried chicken is dark meat (and hopefully boneless), you can put it cold into your baking pan and add cheese and sauce and bake it.. . i would recommend though that you preheat your oven first and make sure your sauce and cheese are all at least room temperature (preheating the sauce in a pan or the microwave would be better) so that the parmesan will not have to bake too long to prevent overcooking the chicken."
"they are mean & inconsiderate. lot of people don't relate & are prejudiced - probably due to secret fear of being overweight themselves. while i'm not overweight, i have never approved of mean people criticizing others for weight gain."
"no one know what year, because no one wa there. only god knows. if anyone claim to know the answer to this they are more than likely lying."
"i wa a congressional intern in dc last year and the ""tall tale"" that we tell tourist is that it wa recovered from a pirate ship around the time of the founding of the country. another false tale is that it wa bought by jackie kennedy from a paris hotel one day after she saw how elaborate it was.. . the truth, if my memory serf me right, is that we are taught to tell visitor that it actually came from a methodist church nearby and wa donated by the wife of the pastor some time after the church building closed down during the early 20th century. le exciting, i know, but the truth isn't always fun."
"convince yourself that none of the reason you drink are valid (they aren't).. focus on something else when you feel like you want/need a drink.. stay away from places/people where drinking is the norm.. everday, pick one thing you used to do while drinking, and do it sober. this help you see that you can live and function without a drink.. find something better to spend your money on - clothing, books, movies, save for a vacation, etc.. . good luck"
"no body - male or female - ha the right to abuse anyone - period.. . dv is any form of physical, mental or verbal abuse and is wrong on all levels.. . a woman dy every day in the uk from dv - there is no excuse you could possible give to justify that"
"his work wa different than the traditional painting available at the time. it's kinda fun, and capture historical icon in interesting modles."
"go to the taipei city hall mrt station. from there, it's about a 10 minute walk, or you can take a shuttle bus."
i think the function of television in society today is to make u not have an original thought of our own. it drowns out how we real feel and make u believe we are never good enough and want u to believe we need more things. television want you believe there is a pill for every aliment.
"religious leader love to spend their parishioner hard earned money on fancy car and clothes, that's why. in reality, it's a pretty good racket."
"the term mandala may be applied to various tangible objects, depending upon the particular religious practice that us the term, especially a seen in hinduism and buddhism.. the term ha hindu origin but is also used in the buddhist context.. at it root it is the generic sanskrit term for any plan, chart, or geometric pattern which represents the cosmos metaphysically or symbolically, a microcosm of the universe from the standpoint of man."
passover is the jewish holiday when they celebrate god passing over the jew when the angel of death killed all the first born son during the 10 plague in egypt. you can't eat any bread that's been risen and they serve gefilte fish.
they both taste the same. frappe is starbucks. freeze is from baskin robbins.
"the euro wa adopted somewhere around 2000. it wa implemented because the european union, here after referred to a eu wa looking for a common currency. it wa supposed to compete with the united state and helped promote the economy of all of the nation union wide because currency no longer had to be exchanged between each of the border in that nation."
"it is their purpose on the planet. beans, bean the magical fruit...the more you eat them, the more you toot."
"in german it is written a junker. the son of a noble landowner, it also mean just young nobleman, then also the noble landowner themselves."
"neo-tech: new technology or new technique a explained by the author frank wallace (deceased). a book of philosophy centering on the aristotlean philosophy of selfness. a guide to understand how people are led by others through ""false authority"" that control life and denies individual freedom. it promise prosperity and freedom and control over your own life by using it's methods."
"i actually throw out the packet and eat them raw. when i do cook them, i boil them, drain them, and add the sauce, leaving about 2 tablespoon of liquid left in them.. . having said that, i don't eat them often. the sodium content is too high...."
"probably because a bunch of other flavor are red such a fruit punch, cherry, strawberry, etc. nothing else is blue except for blueberries, but no one make blueberry flavored drinks/candy. i don't know why they picked blue though, probably because they had too much blue coloring left over, or it looked more appetizing than yellow or green."
"make an excuse to ask him something. start by asking about a homework assignment, or think up some sort of reason to ask him for your help."
"on the contrary, when people hear or say, ""christian,"" they automatically think or mean ""born again christians."" when it should be what you stated......................................"
"yeah all i've ever known is the plain 'ol rubber ducky for charitable events. i guess you could but a swim suit sunglass and a swim floaty around it, or maybe disguise it a another animal like a bunny or frog. sorry couldn't be of more help."
they want different type of hair color and so they decide to dye it. it's all a matter of self-expression.
"because then everybody would have to ""pay-up"" on all the promise they made by saying...""yeah, i'll do ________ ,""when pig fly!"". . . lol"
the adoption record are your best bet. write to the cook county public record department (or a similar name) and ask how to obtain this kind of information.
don't feel bad. i wa going to tell you that it's game you play in the water. don't feel to bad i'm not kinky either.
"you cook them at home. preferably under the right, romantic circumstances. no matter how you cook them or they come out, when you are accompany by that one person that truly love you, you will enjoy them!"
one! it is easy to multipy by and always come first!
i'm not that comfortble with some rules... such a polygamy etc. i believe faith is not measured in action but how you believe in the creator
"water is...well...its water! . d-oh! crisp, clean and refreshing to the palete..hydrates the body during body conditioning..i drink bottled water 6 time a day"
"i can't really say i would change an event. although there have been some terrible event throughout the course of history, i.e. slavery, the holocaust, mass genocide, etc., the only way people learn is through making mistakes. i would say the only thing i would change is the human ability to hate the unknown because that ha been the origin of all evil."
"it doesn't. just like santa doesn't have anything to do with jesus' birth.. . and actually, easter isn't about jesus rising into heaven, it ha to do with him coming back from the dead. the ascension take place forty day after easter."
"he follows a dream with the best of intention (for love), but this love blind him to reality (daisy will never truly love him). this inability to see the truth cause him to act in way that are ultimately self-destructive (risking his life and dignity to save daisy with the delusional hope of living happily ever after with her). unfortunatley, she is self-absorbed and basically using gastby and his undying (well, until he actually dies) love a a diversion and a a conventient way to get back at her jerk of a cheating husband."
"on what day for what duration and for how many passengers?. . frontier airline is very affordable, a is southwest air, a is jetblue (although i'm not sure jetblue fly there)."
"introduction, attention-getter, thesis.. first body paragraph-concrete detail & two commentary. concluding sentence. ...then the same for the second and third body paragraphs. concluding sentence & re-state thesis"
language is how you communicate with other people. culture is all about your belief and vaules. there can be many different culture that all speak the same language.
"wait 'til they cool. then, once you're ready to cut, take a sharp knife and dip it in hot water. start to cut. the brownie won't crumble and the edge will be a melted, yummy treat."
"it may not work for you but it worked for me one time, i ad a friend who wa suppose to be my best friend at the time, she and her husband and me and my b/f all hung out. well me and mine were fussing and her and hers wa split up, and she got to drinking and so did my b/f so one called the other and met . well they f*&^%d and then when i went over there to his house that evening she wa there and of course they were acting like nothing had happened so i played it cool then a she and i were talking i just said to her ""well you know were really close and me and him are falling apart and i know this already, and you were drunk and so if something did happen , oyu know oyur the only person i think it wouldnt change how i feel about you, i could forgive you, but not someone else' and believe it or not that worked, so if that scenerio work in yours situation , try it and see what happens! good luck,and hey let me know if you can if it work for you just put in reply to gena.....etc and say yes or no if you will, if not thats cool too"
"""pull a fitzgerald"" refers to u special counsel patrick fitzgerald and the way that he indicted 'scooter"" libby for obstruction of justice and false statements. instead of accepting the man b.s. he made big wave and got him in alot of trouble."
"to create the webpages, u can alwiz use tool like dreamweaver. it easy...u drag n drop...codes are generated for you...and a for the web server....apache is good..."
satan wa the most beautiful angel that wa created to serve god. but he got proud and thought he could be like god... be god. so god banished him and all his follower from heaven. he is still on the earth because human had to have freedom of choise.
freak him out. check out this list: 101 fun thing to do to freak out your college roommate!
"salt wa a very important commodity in ancient times. in fact, roman soldier were actually paid in salt, not money. that's also how we get the word ""salary."" so if you weren't ""worth your salt,"" it meant that you weren't earning your pay."
"because that make one person happy. . even if everything else failed but my existance still made that person happy, i would struggle to live on."
"after the first five minutes, it is a boring a hell. (well, some will say hell isn't boring, but they haven't been there, so what do they know?) there are a number of reason why obsession might set in, but i suspect it only happens to a fraction of one percent of all men."
to look good and classy compared with yank drinking this crappy wood infusion called bourbon. hennesy actually lost a fair bit of their market by calling they last one white something(cant remember)...
1 pkg [85gm] jello. 1 cup boiling water. 1/2 cup cold water. spray mold or pan lightly with oil mix all ingreds refridge till firm
"i agree with the plato's 'republic' poster, should give some idea (if you can wade through the language). it nice to think that there 'absolute' justice out there, but to paraphrase prattchett ""if you ground down the universe you would find not a single atom of justice, or particle of truth"", it something we have to believe a a concept, to hopefully give meaning to our confused lives. also, with the law vs. justice argument, there the philosphers riddle 'would a society of angel require police?' to which i believe the answer is yes, a parking in a no parking zone isnt a 'sin' (in a non religious term) but it is against the law, you can be the justest person in the world and the law will still come down on you for that"
"before proper conduct?. we are not to judge a person. maybe point out their action that is wrong, but not the person. the person we are simply suppose to love them a jesus loved people."
"faith would be like being stuck up in a tree and it's getting dark. then when you can't see anything you hear your father(or mother)'s voice telling you to jump down and they would catch you. now, you wouldn't jump for someone else's dad only for yours because you know him and you have faith in him. remembering that you cannot see the bottom and you have no idea how far it is down, but you jump and hope for thing which are not seen but are true."
"people just don't take marriage a seriously a they used to. people are just more selfish now, i guess."
ohhh honey wait until you get in the working world! enough to put yah to sleep!
if everyone wa good it would be boring and if everyone wa bad we would have chaos. so girl like you and me have to be to even out the girl who are bad!
hefeweisens dont have alot of hop which give beer a longer shelf life. but they have about the same shelf life a many lager and pilsners. but yes they are better younger(its one of my favorite styles)
"i believe that it actually represents a serious lack of respect or consideration from other people. clearly, these people were not raised right."
"because we're all fat and like to eat a lot of candy. this is just another excuse for excessive indulgence. . plus, the easter bunny is super cute, and this time of year would be a big slump for the greeing card company and cany company if they didn't turn easter into a big commercialized holiday."
"it wasn't god that did, it wa jesus. and according to christianity, it's because god decided it would happen. also according to christianity, that's all the reason you need."
first know what you want to do...a great place to start would be at a local hospital or your church. there is always the salvation army and the goodwill. and don't forget the elderly neighbor who can't mow his or her lawn. that's also volunteering!
"because of it own gravitational pull. it ha enough mass to have a strong gravitational pull on itself. thus, it contract itself into a round shape."
because you got the right hdmi cable hooked up to your cerebral cortex. just make sure to set the tone and hew to the correct setting.
"you should only proceed with this if this is absolutely what your child want, show enormous talent and would only be happy doing this. don't push them into it, they'll resent you for ever. believe me."
"didn't he overdose on slimfast and wasted away to nothing? they have to have a warning on them that advises you to enjoy responsibly now, like on spirit and beer."
"i'm impressed that package now only take a week to get there, i remember waiting months. one trick my friend taught me in college wa to include some slice of fresh, plain white bread in a tupperware container with the cookies. i hope that work for you."
you do your work. don't worry about him. there are a lot many like him. you will get rewarded for your loyalty and honesty a you go along.
they have to have still water to reproduce so there may be a puddle that you are missing and i am not sure if putting away fruit that ha egg will do anything but make them hatch later. i would put put fly paper overnight in several place and see which one get the most on it and then look around there for the source. there may be a small piece or fruit that ha fallen down under something and that is where they are coming from. i always just throw out my fruit if they get bad at my house it the easiest way for me but may not work for you.
i think it is a test. in this test you have to try to be the best.
"because this site is addictive.... i've been telling myself for the past two hour that i need to got to bed, but, i'm still here!"
"the american consumer that is required to speak to an outsourced employee in india is more likely to reject using any product issued by the company. societally, the consumer will mention to those they know what they think of that company, and what they think of the outsourcing practices. economically, the company, while still having a profit, will begin to see a growing trend against them from company that choose to keep all industry within their company of origin."
"tell her that you care about her and you hate to see her get hurt by her poor choices. let her know that you are her advocate, not her ctritic."
i like to think we already are in hell.. . in hell theirs alot of pain and suffering...sound anything like here on earth.
"i'm happy with a peice of dove chocolate. it's sweet, simple, sensually silky, and hit the spot every time."
your an amazing talented person with purpose left in the world. your blessed with a unique mind and a wonderful soul. your you because we need more people like you in this world
"what is the sound of one hand clapping?. . a a buddhist, you don't have to reconcile...you just have to be."
it's fuggin' close to water... ha ha you ripped off monty python you thief...plus there are some american beer that aren't like that. sierra nevada make a nice smooth porter and a stout that are nowhere close to water.
"he is called ""el chino"" because he is from japan and thats how we called asian people. chinese in spanish is chino. it doesn't matter if you are from japan or chinese, oriental people here in peru all are called chinos."
i don't. i wa the first one to answer your other question. including this one.
"i think you are looking for type of alcoholic drinks, spirit 40% proof & above - distilled to increase the volume of alcohol, liquers, 20% - 40% may be distilled or a mixture of type of wine and spirit eg port, wines, 8% - 15% red, white, rose, also champange & fizzy, then beer 3% - 12%, lagers, cider etc. try any or each in moderation, but don't mix them up to much"
"try my diet. it consists of chocolate, ice cream, chips, soda, and fried foods. i'm sure you'll pack on the pound and raise your cholesterol too. happy eating!"
putting one elbow on the table demonstrates low class and self disrespect. however if you wish to be rude and selfish go for it.
it is like a lollipop.. . and it cold....like an isicle.
"poor old peter cottontail got drunk and, unwittingly, hopped into a sex-change clinic. when she got out, the egg laying wa uncontrollable. such a sad story."
you can start by distancing yourself from them slowly and finding thing to do that doesnt consist of her. eventually she will get the hint. i promis.
"pastry come kinda big and small. they are sweet and tasty, well at least to me they are."
"in the event of a national emergency, or even a local emergency, like flooding, riot or whatever, they will at time need to lock their doors.. . ours lock several of the door at night, so there is only one main entrance/exit to guard when they are running fewer staff."
"basically there is always going to be some kind of racial discrimination and hatred. think about this, how many different type of minority is there(color) and compare to caucasians."
"the easiest way to get this answer is to look up the root word, ""$hit"" on the web page below. if you read down, it should list all the literary reference to the different phrases. good luck."
everything doesn't have to have a meaning. life is something that you have been blessed to experience. you get to live yours and guide your off spring and then exit.
you don't fight against hatred. hatred should be countered by modeling more positive behavior.
"i believe that when a person realize that that person ha a booger, they don't to want to make them feel bad about themself. but honestly, i would really want someone to tell me (on the low low) if i had a booger in my nose."
"i rented this movie at an adult video store that wa like ""faces of death"" if you remember those movie from the 80s. this skinny asian woman sqatted down and pooped in a styrofome bowl and gave it to an older guy who ate it. ewwwww."
"heterosexual relationship that last a lifetime often see the role of physical sex diminish over time anyway. lifelong relationship last more because the two people do a nice job of working to grow closer in all ways.. . in the end, people want to be with someone who they like spending their time with and who help them grow and feel more complete.. . so to answer your question, it might be difficult for any relationship to last a lifetime in today's society - but homosexual relationship stand just a much of a chance a do heterosexual ones."
"mean your dad ha screwed his sister. having said that, i wouldn't immediately jump to the conclusion that whoever said it wa insulting you/your dad. in some region in india, the above slang is used a frequently and a loosely a westerner use f**k.. . i had friend in my college who would start and every sentence (irrespective of whether they are happy or angry) with the above word."
"a compromise is something sort of half way between what you wanted and what wa offered. to take a compromise mean to settle for this half-way option. ""to take a compromise"" doesn't sound quite right though, the more common phrase would be: ""to accept a compromise"" if a compromise wa offered to you and you were willing to take it, or ""to agree a compromise"" or ""to make a compromise"" if you have actively shifted your position from where you were initially. ""to compromise"" is also perfectly acceptable on it own."
"chav is a slang term which ha been in wide use throughout the united kingdom since 2004. it refers to a subcultural stereotype of a person with fashion such a flashy ""bling"" jewellery and counterfeit designer clothes or sportswear, an uneducated, uncultured, impoverished background, a tendency to congregate around place such a fast-food outlets, bus stops, or other shopping areas, and a culture of antisocial behaviour."
nice putting this question in the royalty section. you're awsome because you were born that way. it just happens.
"because if you burn the midnight oil, you get your foot in the door, the cat's out of the bag and the buck stop here. but money is the root of all evil, and you're laughing all the way to the bank. we're just taking them one game at a time .. the acorn doesn't fall far from the tree and there's no place like home. cliche are worth their weight in gold."
"read the bible to understand his will for you, then let nothing stand in your way of doing it. roman chapt 12:1-2."
"it give people power or feel like they have power over someone else. most people at one time or another wish they could be better than others, and for some people, this is all they can find to pick out that is obvious.. . mostly though, i think many of those who are racist are so because one of their parent is racist. if this wasn't the case, i doubt many people would be racist."
i plan on breaking some springs...ya know what i'm sayin'!? ya know what i'm sayin'!?
"actually, dr. ruwart ha answered that at length: ""healing our world in an age of aggression,"" by dr. mary j. ruwart.. . the short answer is, vote libertarian!"
"mauro is a given name, for woman maura is le common. a similar name is maurizio (and maurizia, which is more common).. it derives from mauretania, that in roman time corresponded to the mediterranean coast of morocco and part of algeria.. in ancient italian it wa used a ""moor"", but nowadays ""moro"" is more common. in rome and surroundings (maybe also some other region but i dont know), ""moro"" and ""mora"" are somehow term of endearment (but only for boy and girl with black or dark brown hair): ""ah moro"" could be translated a ""hey dude""."
"personality.. . if you're ugly on the inside, it doesn't matter how good looking you are on the outside, you'll never find a good relationship.. . conversely, if you're beautiful on the inside, no matter what you look like on the outside, it will shine through, and you'll eventually find someone."
"a canuck is an inconspicous friendly creature that munch on poutine and maple syrup. canuck are born with ice skate attached to their foot and every canuck know never to put your tongue on metal in winter, and never to eat yellow snow.eh?"
"i think that rich people are mean, and do not like to mingle wih u less-than-fancy people, because they can afford better thing than us, quality things, and so we're not worthy...don't know if i'm making myself clear...okay, see how if you see a homeless in the street you wouldn't approach him and say hi, right? so the same thing, u who are not millionaires, are like homeless to them! they're afraid that we may infect them with something or steal their precious belongings!....that's my impression.."
"cheesiness is what american culture is made of. disneyland,6 flags,reality tv,etc. while you guy in the uk are known for being aloof and refined, we american are known for our cheesy, a you so kindly put it,pop culture.i hate 50 cent,he look like a chipmunk.lol!"
"i asked my mom and grand ma the same question not to long ago. my mother to sure, but my grandmother said that it wa because some time the dough would be so hard and dry you had to put peanut butter in them to hold them together and you used a fork to smash it all together and when you smashed it on the top you left a design and that wa just to make them look better. she say that's the only reason for it now is for the appearance."
"you will have to provide more detail to give people a real opportunity to help you here. for instance, are you thinking of older sibling from before he and your birth mother were together or is it possible that he exited your life and you are wondering about what happened after that? in other words, do you need to examine what happened before or what happened after you knew him?"
well when they go to the zoo they are supposed to take a third boy with them. when they went to diagon alley they were supposed to go to the robe shop and harry wa supposed to meet malfoy. there wa supposed to be more challanges to get to the stone. i know there were more i just can't think of them know... maybe i'll watch the movie again and then edit this answer.
because if the light were left up full and god forbid you crashed! the reflection of the light in the window would mean that you wouldn't be able to see if there were any hazard or a fire so therefore you wouldn't know the safest side to evacuate from.
"a severely strong urge or impulse to act on something. usually something that we know in the back of our head that we should not do. however, ""temptation"" is so powerful it often ha the ability to override our better judgement. i think temptation is so powerful because more often than not your heart is involved and the heart want what the heart wants."
"it wa a blessing. i really enjoy being in the house of god, knowing that there are others around me who know the love of jesus christ and the sacrifice he made for us. it is nice to get away from the wordly things, even if only for 2 hour and to focus on god and his wonderful love for us. i am in a new church in a new country and i already feel like i am at home."
"1 teaspoon of instant coffee (plus sugar if you like) + little cold water (2-3 tablespoons)mix them in a blender. pour into a tall glass, fill up with more cold water + some cold milk, add 2-3 ice cubes. it give a foamy, creamy cold coffee."
i think what you're referring to is a tea-towel. but i'm surprised this thread hasn't descended into a 'us v uk' english debate
exult? a in exultation - the loud praise or cheering of something. just a thought...
masoori will be pleasant right now. a it is summer the temperature sholud be arond 18-20 degree c.
"you don't !!!!!you run,dissappear, vammose,get lost, take a permanent vacation,cause that's what's liable to happen to you.ah oh!"
utah is very different than texas. i am sure you know that now. you have been blessed with a large family and i am sure there will be someone who will help you get back home.
"ecclesiastes 12:13 - ""the conclustion of the matter, everything having been heard is: fear the true god and keep his commandments. for this is the whole obligation of man."""
"open your mouth, have your partner open their mouths, and kiss . mouth open, and while keeping the lip together have your tongue touch."
"let me rephrase that for you: how do i ease my nervousness?. now that that's settled, just drink some milk, watch some tv, think about pleasant things, imagine the audience in their underwear, breathe deeply, empty your mind of all thoughts.... that should tide you over, right?"
"i met bill clinton at barnes & noble when his book came out. shook his hand and had a great chat. congratulated him on his decision to initiate dayton's agreement.. . i met john f. burns, the nytimes pulitzer price winner, at the front line during the war in balkans."
it spelled cognac and it high quality grape brandy (liquor)...its used to cook with too....its some strong stuff!!
blowing bubble with your butt. like in a tub.
the chute might get suckied in by the engine. and the earth surface is made up of 3/4 of water so there is a greater possibility that the plane will crash into the water
you should not be so concerned about becoming a platinum member of some church. you should be concerned about being a member of christ.
"because they are tools, looking to piss people off, and get 2 point for doing it. they probably can't express them self in the real world because they are little b*tches, so they do it here, becuase they can hide behind a screen name."
"well isn't that a good thing?. . if you don't fuel the fire, then it can't grow.. . they don't deserve any attention and aren't worth having a conversation about."
"artificial carbonation wa first introduced in 1767 by an englishman, joseph priestley, and wa commercialized in 1807 by benjamin silliman, a yale univ. chemistry professor, who bottled and sold seltzer water.. . many curative property have been attributed to effervescent water (e.g., aiding digestion and calming nerves), but few have been scientifically tested.. . in short back in the day ppl thought carbonated stuff wa better for em."
"you ask a question that religious philosopher have been pondering for about twenty centuries. for a long a christianity survives, that question will continue to be asked. perhaps the best idea is to simply respect the religious belief of other people, and not fight any more over the detail and minutia of one religion over another."
points?.....points? i'm not addicted. yes... i'm definately not addicted...yes...just have to sign into my 7890th adress...yes...
ask a teen.. if you can wrtie well over all and you ask a teen for idea . you'll probably come out with quite a good book
"ask, ""tic-tac""."" say they are new and improved with vitamins. this seriously worked for me once.....well, of course, because she wa blonde. (please don't take this offensively)"
church ha become to commercialized. people who feel the need to be close to god understand that they can do that without physically going to church. god is with them any and everywhere.
"partially because i have gone looking for many of the same answer myself, and it's sort of a ""pay it forward"" thang.. . and partially because a lot of the question and answer are *funny*."
"it's beautiful. i think i will even spend my honeymoon there. although, some swiss want your money and then want you to leave."
there is a clear jello out you use it and instead of water you use root bear to make it with. root beer jello.
"it is, in new york - didn't you see the apprentice last night?. . it didn't look too appealing to me though, i have to admit."
it originates from the navy in the day of sail. the day's main meal wa served on a square tray/plate. (easier to carry and stow.)when extra effort/exertion wa required they were served '3 square meal a day'.
"samurai were warrior in japan. look them up on google or wikipedia (and spell it right, dammit!)."
a brat can be pork and veal. an italian sausage is pork. both have different spices.
the market is now flooded with beet sugar or corn sugar. the best sugar is cane sugar.. you probably are not getting that anymore
"i am in the middle of the road on being politically correct. there wouldn't be any comedian out there if they were politically correct. so, no, i'm not easily offended. =)"
"♡i wasn't sure exactly what you were asking, but you can find out all about fukuoka from the english fukuoka web site. (below) i hope this helps! *in and around fukuoka are: hakata ward, chou ward, sawara ward, tenjin, iki,tsushima, shikanoshima and other islands. the site will tell you everything about fukuoka.♡"
"slap! it can still hit something. for example, your face."
"that anyone truly incapable of taking care of themselves will always have someone who love them to care for them....especially child and the elderly...... that no ever ha to go hungry..ever been without a meal say.....14 hrs? imagine that..also, that i have another chance to have the money i should have had if i had saved year ago like i should have done."
"i have discovered a new, highly addictive chemical that i am now putting into strawberry ice-cream a a beta test for my world domination plans. it all going according to plan. (insert evil laugh here)"
"some people are passive. usually there one of each in a relationship, not always"
black girl who act white are a major turn on for me. keep it up and someday youll find a nice white guy
"palestinian have to realize that much of what they've learned about jews/israelis/zionists, etcetera, are a lie, and are rooted in the bigorty and fascism of the third reich, they very same thing they falsely accuse israeli of. in fact, if they read the qu'ran they'd realize even mohammed encouraged jew to go to israel."
there are some thing in this world that we are better off not knowing! :-)
"in ancient time your family would have put a coin in your moouth, maybe over your eyes, or buried you with some form of coin.. . you need to pay the ferryman to take you across the river styx into hades, the land of the dead."
"a everyone else ha said, it's normally a seven hour difference, except one week of the year when it's eight. they start daylight saving one week before the usa."
"you don't. you just continue to try to live your everyday existence in the full and certain knowledge that when the end comes, you'll have lived well and wisely.. . for when it come - there'll be nothing you can do to stop it."
"if you're interested in history, you could go over to valley forge park, and see the log cabins, cannons, george washington's hq etc.... or you could just job, bicycle etc in the park. it's very lovely."
"there are very subtle differences, but once a person ha lived or worked in asia and ha grown familiar with the cultures, it's easier to recognize them. the language are quite different, with very different tone and expressions. the clothing can be different, and there are gesture that are unique to the specific cultures. (for instance, the korean woman typically cover their mouth when laughing or even speaking.)"
"contact the local red cross, they should have an idea of the need of the area and if you have any skill that are in demand there. they also should be able to tell you what type of item are in need at the site such a clothes, food,household item and so forth. you could call the county office or contact a local church or a church of the same affiliation nearby. you could just go there and see if they need a hand if you have the time and resource to support yourself in that situation, but you maybe looked at a little suspiciously unless you contact a local authority or church or aid group."
"the samurai were outlawed during the meiji restoration, a japan sought to end it policy of isolationism and incorporate western concept into their way of life.. . the movie ""the last samurai"" take place during this period of time."
"cracker is usually applied to people from georgia. it's short for whip-cracker and it refers to the day of slavery when poor white people without skill could find work overseeing slaves.. . some people use it a a derogatory term, while others simply use it a a name for people from georgia without any negative connotation. i had an english boyfriend who always referred to me a his cracker, so apparently it can even be used a a term of endearment."
"greece, archaic period. scoulpture of young shaped male. the most famous are inside acropolis of athens"
why are you so sensitive. my guess is you have some self-esteem issues.
"it's a world class facility and we're very lucky to have it here in atlanta. it took me 2 hour at a medium pace to see the whole thing, but i would plan for 4 hour because i didn't get a chance to watch the 4-d movie or try out the restaurant."
"people usually tell you they are going to do certain thing just to get you out of their way, or just to stop you from bothering them. but there are also other time that people say they are going to do something and at the last minute they change their mind and decide not to do so."
my score is 45.. . 30 to 60: heading to geekdom
red = anger/war/fury. green = nature/serene. black = death
"basically, italian parent lure their child to the toliet with pizza. australian use kangaroo meat."
it just happens. how it working out for me i couldn't say. but the easiest way to change your reality is to change your perspective
"grasshopper. refreshing, love it with a slice of lemon"
"either they are saying a, what a fine looking young woman, or b. dam what a big fat ass. either way stop worrying about it. if you are happy with your own body it doesnt matter what anyone else thinks."
i have to agree - this book is worth reading. i read it a an adult and it's amazing. it a fast read because it so good. it way better than the movie and the movie wa pretty outstanding.
"a the cashier forgot to turn it on when she started working.. . b the cashier is trying to not work hard, so she turn it off having poeple go to other lines, and not hers.. . c if she take me, i wont need to wait in the line with 5 poeple in it."
*bangs desk* hear hear!!! i agree with the question and there is nothing more to be said.....there is no answer.....that's the way it is....
"hehehe, i wonder how many people are gonna tell u this time that u need forgiveness and they will pray that u will change.. . i bet on 19 forgivenesses, 12 mercies, 4 grace and 7 mail to heal ur soul.. . good luck!"
it didn't. it affected life about 140 year ago.
you are breaking the first rule of hipsterdom...trying too hard. i would say don't shower for a few day should be your first step.
"it's a little stream that ha lot of pebble in it and so make a lovely bubbly, gurgling sound. it's very relaxing."
"le francais, bien sure. french because it is exceptionally beautiful to read, speak, and hear."
usa = killing machine. . but canada= us's 'b'..team
"life is a temporary assignment.you are not accident, accept your assignment, using what god gave you. you were shaped for serving god. you were made for a mission, living on purpose is the path to peace."
o.o . . no idea.. but when i wa little my mom used to tell me that thunder wa the angel bowling.
"a confit is a process of preserving by very slowly simmering (even to the point of now visible bubbles) salted duck (or any kind of) meat in oil (mostly pork fat). i think a confit jar is after the cooking, you can keep the meat in a sterilized jar and fill it with the oil in which it wa cooked."
thats like saying well if there wa an adam and eve then how can they be white i mean how can their be african american if we all started out white..if adam and eve lived in the environment they did then wouldnt they be black and a their child spread the pigment started to lesson...so suicide? romeo and julliet who knows...
"the phrase is ""e pluribus unum"", and it's latin.. . it is normally translated to ""from many, one""; or ""out of many, one"". until 1956, it wa the national motto of the united states; it wa replaced with ""in god we trust"" by eisenhower"
because they're easier to hold onto.. round thing are harder to grip.. and it's easier to make square box than round ones. and it's le likely to shift/roll around in movement of shipments. and they fit together easier... lot of reasons!
"not only are there people who are complete butt holes, some are the whole butt and then some. i guess they have alot of ""crap"" going on in their life and are miserable and want everyone else around them to be miserable."
"mash potatoes, lay them on the meat and use a fork to score criss cross all over the top. lightly sprinkle salt over the potato and put ino a very hot oven 220 degree for 20 to 25 minutes. the more butter in the potatoes, the browner and crispier they will be. for even crispier potato crush a bag of ready salted crisp (potato chips) and sprinkle on top before cooking."
"season it well and use only a small amount of liquid...then let it crock all day. yummy! for liquid, i like to use chicken broth (frome a can) instead of water..."
"if they are separate and come above the knee (thigh-high) - one on left leg, one on right - stockings. if they only come up to just below the knee - knee-highs. if they only come up to the ankle - socks. if they are joined at the top and include panty - tights (in uk) or pantyhose (in us)"
"i agree.... it sad the amount of ppl who get a jolly laugh at the expense of others on this site... and it true that the one with real information and likely a good heart to boot, have pics, profiles, etc etc.. i would say just pay no mind to the jokester who leave dumb answer ( they are probably just trying to score yahoo points) and focus on the real answer with heart behind them.. peace"
"a chimi changa is not mexican, is americanized supposedly mexican food, just like all the taco bell crap. if you go to mexico you will not find a chimi changa anywhere. that wa an american invention, or tex mex whatever you want to call it. a far a i know it a deep fried burrito, i've never had one."
"oblivion is the absence of awareness. perfection is all awareness in perfect harmony. theoretically, they are completely different. however, since you won't find either of them in your reality, you can think of them a the same thing if you'd like."
"dr pepper is the oldest major soft drink in the us. it wa first made and sold in 1885 in waco, texas. the formula, a closely guarded secret, is a unique blend of fruit flavour and wa invented by charles alderton, a pharmacist working for wade b morrison."
"ccd is an acronym for ""charged couple device"".. . if you do an internet search i am sure you can find some good description of what a charged couple device is.. . if there are aspect of those description which you don't understand, you could ask about them here too.. . cheerio."
it human nature to be fearful. just like to be sad mad or angry if we didn't have emtions we would be really boring.
"you say ""are you gay?"" why should it be any harder than that?"
"just under a cup. sort of the opposite of ""a heaping cup"" - where with a heaping cup you would want a little more than the measure, here you want a little less."
good question.. i think the best answer is... . to save space!
"before there wa birth control, it wa normal when you had lot of child (5,7,9,10...). but in the previous century the chinese government introduced birth control because there were getting too much chinese: you couldn't get more then one child. for each child ""extra"" you have to pay more taxes."
"if it's untrue then contact the poster of the information or the site administrator. . if it's correct information or an opinion, there's not much you can do...people can write anything they want on the internet"
"perhaps because they are proud to live below the mason-dixie line?. a lot of my friend are very proud to be rednecks, a that is a part of there historical upbringing."
erho:horizontal location error (largest horizontal error projection; used by u geological survey for earthquake study). erho: eesti rahva heaolu organisatsioon
swordsmen. i have a high respect for the sword and those who would use it. the sword is the only weapon specifcally made for killing another man and you have to be so close to him that doing just that will either kill you deep inside or liberate you.
for this moment... the color of bright sky (not just an ordinary blue). coz it brings peace and light-breeze into my heart..
"i think the reason that gay men talk differently is because of gender non-conformity. from an age a young a six month old parent can see female mannerism in their baby boys. therefore, they imitate girl rather than men. they don't do it to be contrarian, it come naturally to them to act that way from young age."
"the silver_fox sound a if he may have a winner; however, this methodology would tend to get you a bad score for your paper. . let tham be and work hard on your own answer because the teacher will not be fooled for long. jose"
"cause they want to be ""humane"". (personally they must have done something very inhumane to get in that position, so i think they shouldn't treat them that good). . oh and men that rape woman or child should have their tallywhacker cut up into little piece and fed to them."
"a with all good things, it start with one. be peaceful and it will display a good example for others to follow. encourage everyone you know to shun violence. you may just get a good thing going!"
"snatch back their hands,twist it and break it off.... but for easier and effective results,bring with you a pepper spray or teargas everywhere"
who said he didnt go to paradise! moses wa one of the purest and perfect being in the world - a prophet of god. blessing to moses.
"why don't you ask them, it is their priesthood and they will tell you what they require. you certainly won't find it in the bible."
"the wall wa built to keep the chuck norris fan out of china, because they wanted to keep him all to themselves. it didn't work. the hun were actually the first chuck norris fan club!"
"any question that includes the word 'children' and 'sexuality' should ring alarm bells, especially when posted on a web site. get help before you get into trouble."
"depends on how close to the person your condoling you are. if your close then a hug helps, otherwise a gentle clutch on the shoulder say it all. if they are pretty much a complete stranger, you can shake their hand and say 'i'm sorry' and offer to help if ever they need it. it is often just trial and error"
"but that's what i get, that's what i get. how can you turn me into this after you just taught me how to kiss you . . i love nin, can you tell"
"you just have to take it day by day.. it's ok to be sad for a while...just don't get lost in the sadness. remember the good time and think of how your loved one would want you to go on.....to live a good life, use your talent and skill to become prosperous, and to find happiness.. it may seem impossible at first, but it's not.. just remember.....one day at a time."
"(m). . humor (humour in british english) is the ability or quality of people, object or situation to invoke feeling of amusement in other people. the term encompasses any form of entertainment or human communication which invokes such feelings, or which make people laugh or feel happy."
"psychologism is the explanation of social phenomenon wholly in term of the mental characteristic of the individual concerned. psychologism thus overlook the economic, social, political, and environmental influence which act on the individual."
a lot depends on the type of crime. i work in hr and when we pull a misdemeanor on a background check we ask the person to make a statement (their version of event if you will) and the information is forwarded to the human resource manager for review and approval. if the person doesn't shirk responsibility for the crime and appears to have actually learned from the mistake the hrm generally give that person a chance to prove themselves.
"some mineral in the rock contain iron. when these mineral are exposed to water and air, they oxidize to produce iron oxide, among other compounds. iron oxide is the same thing a rust, and it is red.. . this is an example of chemical weathering."
i think you may mean thanatos + eros.. . death and love.
"diet coke taste more genuine whilst diet pepsi taste horrible {no fizz in it}. but anyway, deit coke nor diet pepesi taste good. try the real one, it taste better."
"because not all flight attendant are women. stewardess implies feminine, and is politically incorrect."
"a system of belief which structure the cornerstone of life into a predictable, managable pattern. usually includes a diety."
"boy, you just tryin to get some nasty response on this thing. you ignorant!!!"
simple syrup is a ratio of sugar to water. it can be used to sweeten anything.
"the guy that you are meeting are not on your level, and afraid you figured out their bs, keep trying, your man is out there. don't lower your standards."
"if it's in relation to the size of something then it would mean 5 unit long by 5 unit wide.. . for example, someone might describe a table top a being 5 by 5 when they mean it's 5 foot by 5 foot (or any other unit of length).. . if it's in relation to mathematics then it's the same a multiplication so 5 by 5 would be 25 (5 x 5)."
i am thinking the way the economy is going we are sliding into one. i know about executive are losing their job right and left and a few year ago we never heard of that stuff happening. i don't think that any country will forget a debt owed to them so i would think we would have to pay it back at some point. american are in debt and they are making it tougher to get credit for some people.
"well, it depends on the country's laws. in many countries, the artifact would be the property of whoever owns the land in which it is found. that owner could then put the artifact up for sale at a large auction house. however, there may be certain national heritage regulation in place that prevent that artifact from being sold at auction to the highest bidder, and require it to stay within it country of origin."
"what are you trying to get a mould of? you can wrap newspaper around something and then cut it in half, easily. - paper mache, using pva glue and water (half and half)and strip of newspaper, criss crossed over each other, make a strong framework. or pour plaster into a box (plastic)and place object on the top- giving you a half mould, is best."
"since whiskey do not age in the bottle, it should taste just the same a when it wa bottled.. . it make a nice present for someone bought in 1946 - if it ha a date on it.. . i reckon though, that it is not worth more than a bottle of the same brand in the shops."
"in modern (i.e., capitalist) societies, worker are cut off from the product that they produce. no longer is the product a reflection of the worker's real talent and creativity; instead, worker become a ""cog in the machine"" of bureaucratic process that are designed for efficiency. for the sake of efficiency, worker are cut off from fellow workers. finally, worker are alienated from nature and forget that they are a part of nature; instead, they see it a something to be consumed."
"egg aren't considered dairy, they're just shelved with dairy products. my personal assumption is that it is because of shelf-life and texture of the products. egg stay fresh on the shelf about a long a some milk, and are more of a liquid form than a solid, a is meat."
65 is the age to be officially a senior citizen a far a the u government is concerned. but a far a aarp is concerned 50 is the minimum age requirment to join their organization. aarp is the american association of retired people.
although i am from the german speaking part of switzerland i love the romandie and never had any problem 'wasting' my time with some 'natives'. it sure depends also on you to make your time worthwile in geneva.
"consider it an opportunity to be an apostle. christian are not called to bring jesus just to other christians. we're called to bring him to everyone -- especially those who don't yet know him, or believe in him."
"one of the three major racial group of humans, determined not only by skin color, but hair color, eyes, facial features, etc. probably the largest of the three group (mongoloid and n-e-g-r-o-i-d being the other two). [sorry for the hyphens, since yahoo decides to censor an anthropological term.]"
is anyone truly either or anything specific or are we all an amalgam of idea thought and emotions. drawn from the influence in our life and the choice we make. therefore i say this choose to incorporate the best of thing and associate with others who wish to do the same.
"comedy is funny.. . ""comedy is tragedy plus time"" - carol burnett"
jehovah's witness knock on people's door in obedience to the command that jesus christ gave to his true followers: that of going out and preaching the good news about god's kingdom to everyone. this worldwide preaching campaign is in full harmony with matthew 24:14 in which jesus said that this preaching would be done to the entire inhabited earth and then the end would come.
"it mean to not lower yourself to a petty level. or to be the ""bigger person"" in a situation. to not carry on a spiteful argument."
"i canont believe the ignorance of the demon gude thing! first of all there is not such thing a demons. second of all, your spirit guide is a soul on the other side that you are close too. that soul help to guide you through your life on earth."
travelling by air would be the most comfortablew ay to reach lucknow. it is a 2-hour flight.
i think that's a bit of a sweeping statement don't you? i'm in my late 30 (and british) and bitterness is something i avoid like the plague - it destroys one's 'soul' and make one twisted! look like you've been let down by a british woman in her late 30 - hope you resolve what's bothering you!
what do you think made them become vegetarian in the first place?? you are what you eat. :d
cause they make lot of $$. praise the lord
"i think that montessori material should be designed to make the child exploration more interesting & to make him aware of the thing around him , arouse his curiousity & answer his small little query & make his learning experience fun & without burden. moreover parent should continuously monitor child progress & become a role model for a kid & leave no stone unturned to make the kid physically able, mentally agile, morally upright & last but not least spiritually enlightened."
"from the latin word, ""australis"" meaning 'of the south'. there were legend dating back to roman time and also popular during medieval time of a ""terra australis incognita""... an unknown land of the south."
im lesbian so untill we talk or meet im not sure maybe ur just that type of girl that woman find attractive...ur look or how you treat ppl ect. i love pretty eye and busty girls. pm me!
"am an arab and we have the same humor a american i guess, all the people i know watched f.r.i.e.n.d.s and we all watch scrub now. basically about thing weird to do, reactions, or sarcastic comment"
"jihad is similar to the christian crusades. both were created by extremist looking to build their own power base and did not truly have anything to do with god, islam or christianity.. . lot of terrible thing were and are being done in the name of god, but they're really all about men seeking power and control..."
"福 (pronounced ""fu""). . this character represents luck, good fortune, usually seen pasted everywhere on large red banner around the time of lunar new year. this character, in essence, is also used in korea and japan on lunar new year celebrations."
government is so weired to have such rules... . they need tax from liquor... at the same time people morally should not drink... . finally the revenue is more important than morality.... . thatswhy all these happening in d world..
"because the post office always delivers their prediction one day late. like tomorrow, i can tell you what the winning lottery number are for tonight. i sent them out this morning. seriously."
"excellent question. the technology is there, to some degree they are on the market. my guess is the oil and gas company will do everything in their power to keep them away from u on a large scale."
"dial 01133 for france in general then at this point all french nb will start with a 0 (01, 02...) ignore that 0 and dial the rest (starting with the 1, 2, 3...) the person that answered the question with 011331 wa right, it work for paris where all number start with 01 (1 if you're dialing from the states), so the 1 at the end of 011331 is already in the number you have been given,. basically including all international code you will need to dial 14 digit in all"
easy. i am half mexican. piza is another word for a mexican who wear the cowboy hat and cant speak good english.in other word a mexican who want to be a u.s. citizen.
"freud and jung both studied the unconscious mind, and in their day, many people in the christian church thought they were dealing with thing that would be better left up to churches. nowadays, christianity more or le accepts the unconscious a an aspect of mind that can be addressed by psychology, and doesn't infringe upon their rightful territory, the soul. many follower of jung believe, however, that the soul is the very thing that the unconscious tap into. so, it still hasn't been completely resolved."
"giving mean making a real effort to succeed in the marriage - cooking, cleaning, and providing companionship. compromising in certain situation when you don't both agree, instead of always having to have your way. trying to satisfy your partner sexually and emotionally....)("
"it is. in the book, it refers to spacecraft belonging to alien that supposedly could have influenced early culture (teaching mesoamerican culture like the aztec about math and astronomy, for instance)."
"it's not just blacks, it hispanic too. p.s i""m black and got a 1240 o the first try."
i enjoy grand cayman. it a bit more civilized than many of the other islands.
the only thing i heard fo what cause green poop is some type of infection in ur system lol...omg i cant believe i answered this question hahahahaha!!
that is something that is hard to judge. i work for a caterer and i can't even tell you something like that. your best bet is to call a caterer and ask how much food would be needed for an occasion like that. just make sure you seem like you want to buy from them or they will hang up.
"our eternal spirit soul have been stuffed into body that are really not al that intelligent, and this cause u a lot of problem - but apparently the great all in all must of had a reason for this... i got that far anyways - but have no answer for your question."
"information question start with what, where, when, how and why (qué, dónde, cuándo, cómo, por qué). example: ¿qué estás haciendo? (what are you doing?). you can use this same question a an example starting with the different word in the parentheses."
"kwanzaa or kwanza is a seven-day festival in celebration of the african heritage of african americans, beginning on dec. 26. developed by maulana karenga and first observed in 1966, kwanzaa is based in part on traditional african harvest festival but particularly emphasizes the role of the family and community in african-american culture. each day is dedicated to a particular principle (unity, self-determination, collective work and responsibility, cooperative economics, purpose, creativity, and faith), and on each day one of the candle on a seven-branched candelabrum is lighted. the celebration also includes the giving of gift and a karamu, or african feast."
picture an automotive assembly plant taking the simple part and assembling them into a complete car. how can you not give some credit to the engineer who designed the process?
"you can't change the past. what's done is done. but, you can prevent yourself from making the same mistake in the future so you will have a better life. learn from your mistake so you dont repeat them."
"because it make the ice melt which increase the cold area that is touching the inner container where the ice cream is. if it wa just ice cubes, just the corner of the ice cube would be touching. but with salt, the ice melt and it becomes incredibly cold water."
"a friend of mine ha a sicilian mother who ha spoken of leaving fish for her enemy a some sort of curse. just plant them in the garden, they will enrich the soil."
"because they're macho. the killer instinct- to hunt, to conquer, to make war. it juice up their testosterone level."
"if you are going to get married, and you are looking for a design for your wedding gown, do not look for them at magazine or books, although some magazine and book are reliable and some have really good designs, but, it seems to be better if you will design your own wedding gown.. . just think of what you want your gown to look like and tell the designer to draw or do a you say."
"some of the constituent of asparagus are metabolised and excreted in the urine, giving it a distinctive, mildly unpleasant odor. the smell is caused by various sulfur-containing degradation product (e.g. thiols and thioesters).studies showed that about 40% of the test subject displayed this characteristic smell; and a similar percentage of people are able to smell the odor once it is produced. there doe not seem to be any correlation between peoples' production and detection of the smell."
"being all mixed up - it ha an italian part of town, greek town, india town, gay district, many chinatowns, jewish quarter, caribbean section, pakistani town, little korea, polish quarter, etc. etc."
"this probably is going to sound stupid, but coke ha more of a 'warm' flavour, and pepsi a 'cool flavour. i like both anyway."
tell her in a caring way that you are concerned about her and that it making u worry that she is working so hard to take care of others when she should be taking care of herself. look up a list of resource for your mom's friend to go to for help and show it to your mom. let her know how u feel in a positive way use i statement and be truthful. sometimes it easier if u have a hard time remembering what u wanna say to write it down and either read it or go back to it when u stumble
"well, you know how if you microwave some soup or sauce for just a little over the right amount of time...it'll explode?. . basically the same concept. the baby's already grown and doesn't have any room to grow because the uterus can only stretch to a certain extent."
hot and humid during the day. evening are fine if you have some breeze blowing
"it is typically used in decision making using statistical techniques. the typical step involved are process of observation, ""hypothesis formulation"", hypothesis testing, and on the basis of the test, and finally accepting or rejecting your hypothesis.. . a very simple example: while observing car accidents, you may start with a hypothesis that most accident are caused by teenage drivers."
they get hot and wet. but water doesn't get hot enough to expand the moisture inside a kernel to get it to pop.
egg white are used to sink sediment and solid like grape skin to the bottom of the wine so the wine can be siphoned off a a clearer liquid. the same technique is used to clarify bouillion and consomme.
"the question what is key because the focus is on the present. when we focus on the present, the now, the moment, we are aware of thing the way they really are. this is reality and what we have, the moment, the now. enjoy every moment you have."
"envy, lust, wrath, avarice, gluttony,pride and sloth.. i believe they are called the deadly sin because each one deteriorates your well being in different ways. each lead to self service and a lack of morals. historically it seems to be true, a every one of these ha lead to nothing but ruin."
"that is a question for micheal jackson's make-up artist. my apologies, that wa in bad taste. i honestly don't know. be easy..."
"there are currently no direct flight between the united state and cuba. in order to get to cuba, you would need to travel to another country outside of the united state then travel on to cuba. when you come back into the united states, make sure that you don't have anything that indicates that you went to cuba and if they ask, tell them you were in whatever country your flight back to the u.s. came from.. . of course, this is considered illegal in the united state so i am just tell you a a theoretical exercise and am not encouraging this kind of behavior."
"it cost almost no money to join one, most are open to new members. many have website so why not just write to them and ask to join? you might have to move but if this is what you really want then go for it."
a great resource for finding address is zabasearch. i have been able to find several of my friend and family on there that i had lost touch with. hope this helps.
"french fry with gravy? at least, that could count a *a* famous canadian food. i don't know about *the* famous canadian food."
be your real self. a girl will love you for sure.
"stir fry need to be stirred on a very high temperature pan, preferrably a wok. not like frying meat or whatever where you can leave it be for a few minutes. it's because of the very high cooking temperature that make it mandatory it be stirred a lot so it won't burn."
"the prevailing fashion, practice, or style: hoop skirt were once the vogue. . popular acceptance or favor; popularity: a party game no longer in vogue."
"you should have gotten a point calculator when you joined! if not, at your next weight watcher meeting, ask the people for one."
"i would translate it with ""frocetto"". other possibility (different name for different regions). finocchio, frocio, culattone"
"people think muslim are terrorist because of wat the medium is saying and ppl believe in wat medium are saying ya noe.. and how in medium they show that uneducated,crazy, and lack of knowledge in islam ppl are killin ppl and showing a bad image to islam and having a bad reputation in islam also... people think muslim are all crazy and terrosit because of those ppl.. it sad 2 see watever the medium say every1 see and believe.. and dont give any time to look and see how mosttt muslim are not like that at all... common sense.. why you think these crazy ,lack of knowledge in islam ppl are killin and doin all this stupid stuff? . thye want freedom,justice, and their own land..! instead of america taking all of muslim lands.. and they want 2 live in peace... with doin all these crazy thing they think they can get their attention and do sumthin about it.. but ya noe.."
"i believe that animal have soul just a people do for the. simple reason that they have feeling such a love,hate,anger and fear. i don't know about insect and plant but if the soul is the principle of life,it doe follow that they have souls. otherwise they wouldn't be alive."
"ther isn't one, yoga levitation doesn't exist. it just . a trick, smoke and mirror if you will."
u have to delete all history for that. open explorer go to tools--->internet option--->clear history.
are you sure this involves japan ? beacause andre breton made the decleration in america and started the surrealist movement there !!!
disingenuous might fit:. . adj : not straightforward or candid; giving a false appearance of frankness
every race ha a stereo-type not just african-americans. a a society everyone seems to find it easier to categorize people by putting them into niche that grandly generalize a race or type of people. the stereo-types are created by those who are the most vocal both inside and outside of each niche.
"well the one's who believe in them can see, and people who don't, just don't see them. a mind thing i guess"
"the only way to ""get rights"" to sell another artist work is you get permission from that specific artist. you can try contacting their record label or agent directly...but it depends on the usage. like if you are opening up a music shop and would like to carry their albums...but if you are just interested in profiting off of someone el art then you must get written persmission signed by the artist. otherwise you'll have lawsuit on your back!"
"ok first of all....lmao at the wanderer.. now that that's out of the way....the bible doesn't speak directly about suicide. it kinda lingers on the sixth commandment of thou shalt not murder. but it doesn't say suicide is unforgivable either, the only sin unforgivable to god are rejecting christ and blaspheming the holy spirit. but it's a complex issue not to be taken lightly"
"my family ha a pair of onion goggles, which are basically these really big goggles you use for chemistry, and it work great!! haha we've had quite a few funny picture of it too! :p"
"because like me, you already know everything you need to know. man, i'm smart."
try the site i listed in sources. good luck!
they missed the garbage can?. . i have no idea!
to cook evenly all the way through in le time. apparently fried cake without the hole were gooey in the center.
"poodle balled, no idea . . skunked - when you come striaght down a girl nose to give her the mark of the skunk"
"call somebody like, ""psst,"" and that person can be a filipino. the yellow or mongolian race are all alike by looks. but filipino are a mixed race and may overlap with feature of the rest of asia or even the world."
there are. it just not a federal holiday. most business consider it a holiday or a personal holiday.
"it's because of the rise of the ""take me a i am"" brigade - the best excuse for bad manners, selfishness and laziness there is!. . and we've become far too material; we want more and don't want to consider other people. best thing is to hold fast to your own politeness - you'll suddenly see other people smile!"
probably because there wa one. why would shell be found on top of a mountain?
"it easy just start parctice it ...again .... . speak it , listen to italian song .. have friend speak this language .. . . good luck"
"crunk music is a specific type of hip hop music, based out of the southern united states, particularly on the eastern side of atlanta, georgia; charleston, south carolina; and memphis, tennessee. crunk is classified a a subdivision of dirty south or southern rap and is an outgrowth of atlanta-based miami bass and perhaps more directly, new orleans' bounce music."
"social science is the study of complete society- geographically, economically, socially and even historically. . history is the study of the past happenings(natural or man-made/artificial) that made a difference in the society/ country/place."
"i think we can be thankful that the dystopian world one an all encompassing totalitarian state that orwell envisioned in the novel 1984 ha not come to pass. however, orwell's novel wa written not so much a a prediction of the future a a warning - that we must never allow ourselves to lose to core value of political and civil freedom that form the bedrock of society.. . in some areas, the concern that orwell raised seem rather prescient, particularly that of the mass medium and it prevalence and power for social control. though we haven't quite yet reached the stage of orwell's telescreens, the rise of the internet and the issue over hidden camera and personal privacy show that it is an important area of debate."
"it is funny precisely because it is unacceptable. the only such noise that are laughed at are the one that are in public and heard by others to laugh at. it reminds u in social situation that we are really just animal pretending to be better than the other animlas but are notso this is funny to u to be exposed a the phoney mammal of the world.. ex: if a man fart in the wood and there is nobody to hear it, is it still funny?"
"a calzone - a pizza that ha been folded over the content (ordinary pizza filling - salami, ham, tomato sauce, ricotta, mozzarella, herbs, cream,...), then baked. usually ha half moon shape.. a stromboli - pizza dough that is rolled out, layered with eg.: meet, chees (practically the same a for calzone), then rolled to get some sort of spiral and baked."
jaipur and ajmer are well connected by road and rail routes. however road route is shorter it is 138 km. you can hire taxi but bus will be a cheaper option - there are lot of bus plying between these city - you can select cheaper bus or cosier but little costlier luxury service. bus are available for jaipur main bus terminal at sindhi camp which near polo victory cinema theater.
"daytona beach is about 45 minute up i4. also, if you take the bee line east to cocoa, it is about the same amount of time. tampa bay area beach are about an hour west."
"good if you were white, totally sucked if you were black.. i'm talking south africa of course."
there is no external meaning. the meaning of your life is up to you.
...because he ate all of emily's brother and sisters.. look out! he's hungry again......
the quality of being changeable; mutability. . a sudden or unexpected change or shift.
a question refers to something that you want to know about. the answer is the freedom from being in doubt. for more detail watch <matrix: reloaded> lol..kidding!
i think it's a mispelling of 'peach fruit'... . . -kath
"same beam. the lima bean or butter bean or liam and alec (phaseolus lunatus, fabaceae) is grown a a vegetable for it mature and immature beans. also known a haba bean, burma bean, guffin bean, hibbert bean, java bean, sieva bean, rangood bean, madagascar bean, paiga, paigya, prolific bean, civet bean and sugar bean"
"gracie allen might have started it all with her on stage character dumb dora. in the mid-1920’s, she wa teamed with george burns, who became her strait-man, asking her question on stage. several songs, including a fox trot (dum-deedle-dee-um dumb dora), popularized the character further. it seems that woman more than men have kept this stereotype alive over the next few generations."
"because it is, and it will change very soon. it will all end december 21, 2012 according to the mayans."
megans law website. i looked he isn't on there. just a calvin greir and a calvin pottseir or something like that.
do you mean curise and know how to dance son ? forget dancing concentrate on learning to walk 1st
"do not pay any attenetion when they try to control you.. i had the same problem.. i say quietly and calmly, ""no"" when i have to.. do not fight or argue at all.. just go about your business a you would if they had not said anything."
"after reading the response here it is clear to me that the number one problem is that they do not understand what the lds church teaches. i've heard all the criticism before, and they are all based on faulty understanding of what the mormon believe, or on reliance of non-lds document which do not tell the truth. there is a truthful answer to every one of your objections, people, which will satisfy an honest and sincere seeker of truth."
"in the 60 i lived in a house full of nigerian ,i wa the only white person in the house i shared a kitchen and a bathroom with them ,and all were very kind to me, i went to all their christening and a lovely couple used to take my son to church with them , they in all their nigerian finary holding the hand of a little white boy . so all i can say is , there are good and bad in all race but i found nigerian to be good christian people ."
"im not sure what type of fly you are referring to but the common house fly ha a life spanof7 to 10 day in which time they go from egg, to larva to pupa to adult some adult. fly in the north may survive indoors for serveral month"
"i don't think you can be specific because the only people that know what it is like are dead, and therefore not able to inform us. my personal opinion is that it is the best place you could ever imagine, but better. i don't think the human mind could ever imagine what it is like because there is no equivalent on this earth."
"to test your faith. unfortunately for me, my faith is weak and i don't know how to strengthen it."
"it is a combination of things: procrastination, laziness and rudeness. some also don't want to commit in case something better come along for the same date. all of this is inexcusable in my opinion."
although a great carpenter song strange question. you can't paint me cause you haven't seen what i look like nor could paint represent fully who i am.
"ever heard the saying ""ignorance is bliss"". . i wish i wa blessed like you :):):)"
"""an outlook, or a perspective, on life that pursues the question of the meaning of life or the meaning of existence. this question is seen a being of paramount importance, above all other scientific and philosophical pursuits."""
india is a peninsula and the himalayen mt block it from the rest of the world. there for it wa very isolated and wa not brought the new technology from the rest of the world.
i pray for the wisdom to make the right decision; then i decide. i do not pray instead of deciding. i also pray for the strength i need to see me through my course of action.
"because you drank too much and didnt eat enough, i got a nice little buzz going on too, but i ate. dont worry it all good until the room start spinning."
"""ginseng taste like a mixture of cardboard and dirt"". . i concur with the above!"
"hi, april signal the start of the rainy season so you can expect wet period. however, it will depend on where you are going a some place get more rain than other. it will be getting warmer by august a the rainy season taper off towards ly krathong, so where are you heading to?"
"built even closer tie to australian, stop treating them like colonist. also visit more and perhaps someone from the royal family should live there for awhile."
try this global contact database. look up the tag
it is generally used to describe an expert in some field or other. probably yiddish in origin
"you can either sit in your chair and do an itchy-coochy dance, or you can stand up against the desk and rub your cooch on the corner of the desk. discreetly!"
they probably got sued like everyone else and decided it would be better to just use the sentences. sometimes you get something written on both side like they want you to learn chinese
"it wa formed to expose the racial injustice african american people had to endure in the united state and abroad and to offer solution on resolving those injustices. also, it wa formed to instill pride and self respect in african americans."
"pont neuf is the oldest standing bridge in paris. the ironic thing is that it name mean ""new bridge"" in french -of course it wa new when it wa first built...way back in the early 17th century!"
"it is not fully known, human remains show that there wa a human population over 40,000 year ago. it is possible that they crossed a land-bridge from new guinea. it is considered unlikely, that boat at this period would be strong enough to carry human over seas."
one's ethic deal with their personal value and belief in which they lead their lives. just because an ethic's rule applies doesn't mean it is one an individual should honor.
"no easy way out of this one, buddy, you need to do research, and then determine if your soldier is a rebel southerner, or a yankee blue coat from the north.. remember most of these soldiers, were young, around 18 year old, and some even younger.they often used young boy a drummers.. it's a fascinating time in american history, read up about, who know you may even learn something about your nation."
"ideally your customer service should be the same, whether your restaurant is upscale or not! if you think it's okay that a customer who pay le for their meal should get inferior customer service then you shouldn't even think about being in a service industry!"
"because the sugar in normal coke make the whole coke liquid denser than water. since there is no dissolved suger in diet coke, just chemicals, it's density is lighter than that of water. so it floats."
"good question, i don't know the answer, but wouldn't it be interesting if his way of experiencing himself wa to create a world full of creature capable of exhibiting some small aspect of himself. some tiny part of his love. those that do are called good those that don't are called evil.. . pp"
i think it is just commercial. i read somewhere that he spent a lot of time carrying the painting with him and telling people around how wonderful it wa - advertisement
"coz when you do it with the right person it the best. god made it for a reason, but it get messed up when people start misusing it!"
"jesus, according to christian doctrine,is the messiah, the saviour of man, the new adam. he is called the new adam because he wa the first to bring people to salvation, to present a mean of eternal life. he is the obedient adam, who followed the will of god, even until death on the cross.. adam on the other hand is called so because his name mean ""the first man"". he is delineated from jesus because he and his spouse eve created the first sin, the first disobedience of the will of god."
a a perfect symetrical whole!. . it's the other people life that make the world such a crap place :)
their domain is all across that area. sioux often in lakota territory the lion is a good thing
"i think that our behavior change a a way to adapt and to survive/ integrate into that particular environment. for example, i may wear short and a t-shirt when i go to someplace casual, but i wear business-attire when i go to work. i wouldn't necessarily wear short to work or a business suit to the supermarket. the particular environment that i am entering may call for me to do thing a certain way in order to be accepted into that environment."
"in general, but not a rule, woman in poorer country are le demanding than western women.. . lesser demand from woman may sound music to many men.. . a language can be learned in a few month and perfected in a couple of years. the character of a person doe not change that fast or doe not change at all."
"check at a kinko copier store. they can give you help in making a poster, and probably give you information on computer program that will help you."
are you trying to make a funny?. . queen of the nile
"it would be best to stay in america and go/write to the canadian embassy (there are many, including in denver, new york, washington d.c. and chicago). that way, they can send you the proper form to become a citizen without quickly revoking your american citizenship. to make it even easier, you can (and preferably should) apply for dual citizenship to be a canadian-american citizen and recieve the benefit of both nations."
"currently there are about 8 million parishoners in about 150 country all over the world.. this figure is growing fast at the present time.. a to why this is the case, i would imagine it ha something to do with personal choice. you would have to ask them individually.. . you might however, consider sticking to your original idea about religion.. let them be, and i'm sure they will continue to let you be."
"actually, we have invented thing that were not provided by nature that we needed. for example, first thing that come to mind wa gun powder, then the steam engine, then the internal combustion engine, then the transistor, the airplane, radio, tv, the pc, the internet and on and on."
because he lost the election - which wa won fairly and squarely by prodi.. . presumably berlusconi didn't have a daddy to buy him the election ...
"i have some ink tablets. i wet a stone tablet i have with a drop (only a tiny drop) of water and then rub the small end of the ink tablet on the stone adding small drop of water a needed for desired colour and consistency. the stone should be reasonably smooth, ceramic could also be used a the mixing stone, it should have a little bit of grip, but only a little. hope this help"
"i applaude your clarity on this issue.. asking questions, learning, studying and understanding ha brought you to this higher level of lucidity... . . continue, in peace and happiness, your journey to ha'shem and the kingdom of g-d... gan eden awaits.."
"a tam tam ha no protrusion or nipple in the center, it tends to be thinner and ha a smaller rim. it can be flat or saucer shaped. gong have a definite pitch and fundamental note with rich overtones, tam tam do not have the pitch and fundamental note but a crash of dissonant frequencies."
"cause it's my turn! i want to push the button! elelator go up, elelator go down de hole."
"that verse make it pretty clear that they are most definitely dead. i think it refers to the physical body and mind, but dead is dead is dead. i don't understand the question. didn't you answer it yourself?"
send it to a publishing agent. that's how my sister in law doe it. also make sure you do enough research on the comp. before sending in manuscript.
"the peel is the whole outside of the lemon, while zest is only the top layer of the peel, usually scraped off with a zester or (cheese) shredder. if you cook something that call for lemon zest, you definitely would not want the peel, it is thicker and bitter. the zest ha a juicier content to it."
"look for backstage... it is a periodical. it is also on the web... just do a yahoo/goggle search to find it... you will also find other performing art information in it. the village voice also ha audition posting from time to time... the voice may be found on-line a well... it also depends on what kind of dancing you are looking to do broadway or jazz, ballet,modern or contemporary,or music videos... find someone you are interested in dancing for and then locate their website cuz some company will post audition notices... network, talk to other people who dance because, word of mouth is one of the best way to keep yourself informed...good luck"
"good question. perhaps it's because islam appeared significantly later than the other two monotheistic religions.. it's the more embarrassing for christian and jews, a all three religion ultimately share the belief in the same god, whether he's called god almighty, allah, or jahwe.. on the other hand, religion ha become le and le important in country with dominantly christian and/or jewish cultural roots, whereas laicism is something not very widespread in muslim countries, where you'll find a much more significant connection between state and religion.. a christian or jew of an era where we are being educated in the rational way of enlightenment we're used to being able to make fun of our own religion, so we may feel we're entitled to make fun of other people's religion too.. which isn't always funny."
"because god created man in his own image. then he saw how lonely adam was, so he made eve."
"all the economic activity is focused on the consumer's satisfaction. e.g. a product might be bad, but if the consumer like it then it is high qualitied. the nowadays economy is a consumer-orientied economy."
"from wiki installation art is art that, through the use of sculptural material and other media, seek to modify the way we experience a particular space. installation art is not necessarily confined to gallery space and can refer to any material intervention in everyday public or private spaces."
"i think it can be pronounced a number of ways. . nye- yen, noo-yen, when, and nwen are the one i've heard."
"it an old dirogatory saying from the old hod carrying day in the time of ""dry stone walling"" where the youngest of the team had to carry all of the block (the chips) sometimes to the top of steep hill which caused alot of broken shoulder and injury or just sheer tiredness. at the end of the day work they would be in no mood to talk in the pub (where they got their wages) and it wa said that they had ""a chip on their shoulder"""
"the inuit people are indigenous to the northern part of canada. they are also known a inu, and speak the inu language."
"were you shopping at the tractor supply store again? fantasy of becoming a eunich? hrmmmm.. besides castration, the burdizzo can be used to stretch the scrotum."
"meat were stored in salts, or in salt brine. or a one here said, wa smoked, which also helped preserve meats."
"great question. thank god, i wasn't brainwashed into believing in evolution. darwin himself said he'd made most of it up!"
"the rabbit is a sign of fertility. easter is the time for rebirth and growth, jesus died and wa risen again, new life, new hopes, new opportunity"
"there is no point to racism/fascism and prejudice. human who practice this are so insecure and miss so many wonderful thing / people in this ole world...i think the only way to stop it is to not encourage it, not partake in it practices, and most of all not be afraid to show, speak, and pray for it demise. i myself, try to show pity upon those who do practice prejudice and let them see how great it is to not judge our fellow human beings...race, culture, bred, etc ha so much to offer to all of us!!"
"actually drawn butter is not made a a sauce. drawn butter is melted butter where the solid have separated and sunk to the bottom of the saucepan. when you ""draw"" or skim off the liquid on the top, that is clarified butter or drawn butter. it ha le impurity and is delicious with crab, lobster or any sea food."
"veggie are seasonal, and you would like to be able to feast on them during the off-season months. freezing is one method for perserving vegetables, canning is the other method.. . jennifer^ just reminded me that we have greenhouses, and our veggie are year round ~~"
"next time someone asks you to use your bathroom, tell them to go outside. lincoln did!. . portapotties are a privilege not a right"
"deuteronomy 32:51 tell u why. god said ""because you trespassed against me among the child of israel at the water of meribah kadesh, in the wilderness of zin, because you did not hallow me in the midst of the child of israel."" (see ex: 17:1-7)"
there is no convincing scientific evidence concerning whether or not there is a god. therefore i choose to be an agnostic.
the same way you make meatloaf or a hamburger but you make them a little bit bigger. can be grilled or fried or baked. and topped with brown gravy
"we are not. there are more than six billion of u now, never so many before. the specie survived ice ages, medieval plagues, two world war and the cold war.. . we'll manage to survive pollution, global warming and bush."
"it is very easy.take 1 gall milk,heat it up.it doesn't have to be hot.if you put your clean little pinky in the milk and it doesn't burn,it is ready to put 1 cup of natural flavour yogurt.you may use dannon yogurt.if you want you can make it in a plastic container,rubbermade for example.this is the way i make it. been doing it for 10 years.do not forget:the milk ha to be hot enough.try this:if your pinnky doesn't burn if u keep it in there for 10seconds ,it is ready to put the yogurt in.cover the ontainer with it's lid,and cover the whole container with 2-3 blanket or something to keep it warm for6 or 7 hours.after it is done put it in the fridge.do not put a spoon in while it is warm,because it will get filled with water.i do not know how the water get created in the yogurt .enjoy"
get to a rehab center that deal with alcohol detox. go see an addictionologist and they will help you. good luck. your liver will thank you.
"none - atheism. apply the same rule of evidence and validation to religion a you would demand from your medication, science, and a variety f other service or sources, and it all fall to pieces."
"ya know, i've been studying a lot of apologetics, and i'm starting to think that they're afraid to believe. something in them want to, but they've constructed a neat little box for themselves to keep god out. the only problem is, it's empty in there. they keep coming back, either to reinforce their belief (or lack of) somehow, or maybe they get just enough of a glimmer of light to satisfy that part that's desparately seeking."
"i would seriously consider starting a website, if you can. it look really professional, and you're way more able to get the ""high-paying"" customer that way, than if you were to sell to people on ebay.. . i mean, i have heard that sometimes people can really hit goldmine with ebay, but for a better number of customer (at least) i would suggest getting a website...either creating it yourself (only if you're good!), getting help from somebody else, or paying somebody to do it for you."
it's about 25 euro per person. we took my in-law there for their 50th anniversary. i think the jules verne is the expesive restaurant in the eiffel tower.
"the mevlevi order or the mevleviye are a sufi order founded by the follower of the persian jalal al-din muhammad rumi in 1273 in konya present day turkey; also known a the whirling dervish due to their famous practice of whirling a a form of dhikr (remembrance of allah). dervish are member of sufi ascetic religious tarika or ""confraternities"", known for their extreme poverty and austerity."
set yourself a a good example to them. be sincere in your motif but don't get too obvious a this might scare him off. it is also important to pay attention to his sensitivity so that you can put up w/his negative atributes and make him feel that you have respect for him though despite his reputation
well..his dad sold it at his mom's suggestion to buy food so that they could feed the three king and their entire entourage. . . the rest went for income tax.
:}. a. to quiet the disturbamce. b. boston tea party
"it wa iason (iason, iasonis), the original latin alphabet lacked the letter j, so the roman didnt use it. . (they didnt even have the g before the iii century b.c.). so pantherpaw's edition of ovid's metamorphosis is either in english or not very accurate... i think the letter j appears after the v century a.d."
depending which eye. left is that they killed someone and right is that they lost a loved one.
liverpool lime street station doe a combined rail and entrance ticket for about £40. this includes a return ticket to uttoxeter and bus to and from the station to the main gates. have fun!
"""hairs"" is used to emphasis the strands, ""hair"" is used to refer to the whole. both are used."
"the 1812 overture is an orchestral work by pyotr ilyich tchaikovsky commemorating the unsuccessful french invasion into russia, and the subsequent devastating withdrawal of napoleon's grande armée, an event that marked 1812 a the major turning point of the napoleonic wars. the work is best known for the sequence of cannon fire, which is sometimes performed, especially at outside festivals, using real cannons. although the composition ha no historical connection with the war of 1812 between the united state and the united kingdom, it is often performed in the u alongside other patriotic music.. . the overture debuted in the cathedral of christ the saviour in moscow on august 20, 1882."
in the u it mean you become real talkative. . . however in europe it can mean you've become scruffy/ugly/untidy/dirty etc...
"bible mean book. the word book wa in the ""holy book"" lot of times."
"i think 2. because if you wave at a complete stranger, they might think u r a little wierd. but if you wave at sum 1 that didnt wave at you, at least it probibally some 1 u no. so they will wave back."
"wake up every day with a smile and just be glad to be here realizing no matter how bad thing seem, they could be worse. and if your at the bottom there is no where to go but up."
"woman are not treated equally.... because the male traditionally dominates virtually 'all aspect of everything' in society/country. it ha always been, it will always be.. . to really know the ""whys"", please do read simone de beauvoir's epoch-making reference: 'the second sex' (must read for all women)"
it doesn't always make the neighborhood look bad. it's a form of art.
make new ice cubes? if the smell is in the freezer try puting and open carton of baking soda in the freezer and keeping it in there. bleech and wash the tray out very well before making new cubes.
"ticket are gone, unless you have special connections. sorry. i wish i could get some myself."
"i would simply say, ""thank you so very much for inviting me but i have already had other plan for that date."" you would not be lying for your plan could include anything from taking a bath to sitting at home watching tv. you do not ever have to disclose what your plan are. you simply must be gracious and thank the person for the invitation that you are unable to make."
marriage is usually pre-arranges by the parents. it is very important and is ceremonial.
"it take me two hours. one hour to drink several cup of coffee, watch the news and prepare myself to wake up my child for the day. the second hour to take shower, brush my teeth, blow dry my hair, put makeup on, get dressed,send my child off to school and then i get to walk out my door."
"lailat al-qadr (the night of power) i believe is really the answer you're looking for. it's the night when muhammed wa called to go to the heaven and bring the angel back to earth. it's also the night at the end of ramadan, when all familes, communities, friend get together, feast and pray because they have been fasting from sunup to sundown for 40 days, a well a casting off their earthly sin (gossip, quarrel, hurtful actions, you know the human stuff) so very similar to lent leading up to easter. that's my answer anyway"
"external otitis is infection of the ear canal. ... or, rarely, fungi can cause generalized external otitis. certain people, including those who ... canal often lead to external otitis. external otitis is particularly common in swimmer"
"use the essential element 2000 for string (violin book 1), a comprehensive string method by michael allen, robert gillespie, and pamela tellejohn hayes arrangement by john higgins (it is a hal-leonard corporation book) you can get it at any music store and it is a lot better than suzuki, it teach you the violin note by note and it ha a cd with it that you can use to tune your instrument and ha track for the piece (they start at like a bar long) to play along with. it also teach you thing like how to hold the bow, but it start you off with pizzicato (plucking) if i remember right. if you get stuck on tuning...remember you most likely will almost always only need to use the fine tuner unless something really bad happens, and you can always find someone to teach you to tune at a music store.. also if you are in need of a violin, rent one to start off with untill you know if you will stick with it or not."
"if you listen closely, there is s slight stop just between ""can't"" and the next word - that's where 't' disappears. with 'can' the transition to the next word is smoother and faster. hope this helps. i'm a non-native speaker and usually have no trouble getting those word right"
did'nt you get the news that he is the brand ambassador of gillette in the jungle?????
"it wa like i remember from when i wa a child -- more people in costumes, le rowdy. in a word -- nostalgic. the float showed more ascerbic humor than ever, and it really showed the necessity of mardi gras. it wa cathartic after everything that's happened."
"a danish sea captain named hanson gregory. during a particularly violent storm, gregory needed both hand free to man the wheel of his ship, and impaled a fried cake upon the wheel, creating the signature hole. the center of fried cake were notorious for being undercooked, so the innovation stuck. by cooking fried cake with the center hole, the surface area increased, and the doughnut cooked faster."
"generally, people like those who do not conform to stereotype more than those who do; however, in your case, i think it's that they don't understand why you conform in some way to the female stereotype of frilly foofiness, but you don't in others. their desire for you to be more like them instead of a nancy femme is only natural."
high in vitamin c low in calorie & tasty. pretty good reason in my book. i eat a lot of them & put them in a lot of dishes.
"have patience, that's a must...always teach with love and kindness and make the learning fun. but an extremely important point is to listen to the children, they are trying to work out how the world work and how people fit together and deesperately need to ass where they fit into it all. if you listen, even if what they say is incorrect and you correct them, you make them feel valued and they in turn will listen to you."
they were playing hide and go seek with jesus one day.. . . jesus is apparently winning.
we think you should put ice in the inside glass and run hot water over the outside glass. . ps: watch your fingers.
"a trip by train from leiden central station to amsterdam central station is about 36 minutes. the train go pretty much all night in between leiden and amsterdam. but sometimes the night train require you to transfer at another station, so it will take a bit longer.. . round trip are € 13,80, unless you have a discount pas or travel with someone who ha a discount pas (then you get 40% off)"
"grit are usually served along with breakfast ( eggs, country ham, biscuit and red eye gravy). first, bring water to a boil, add the correct amount of grit according to the package, then turn heat down a bit and stir often until thick. ( grit are a product made from corn). most southern people that i know put butter and salt in their grits."
usa. . but i must point out that the response will be skewed by the fact that it is currently the middle of the night and/or working/school hour in many locations.
if you reheat it in a preheated 300 degree oven for about 20 minute it will be crispy. it may not be a crispy a when it wa fresh; but it will definitely be better than reheating it in a microwave.
"you cannot learn any language ""quickly"". language necessarily take time to learn. anyway, if you want to hurry it up, try being exposed to the language just a much a you can."
i wouldn't buy from them if it bothered me. their profit are insane because of the complainer who continue to buy from them.
"greenland wa named by the viking who discovered it. in order to attract others to settle there it wa named greenland to cover up the obvious challenge of living there.. . it wa important for the viking to have settler in these far away place so that they could get food and supply there rather than having to carry them with them or go all the way back to the nearest settlement.. . iceland, on the other hand wa so named in order to attract people to it's beautifully scenic landscape, which included it's picturesque glaciers."
"because it open a can of worm which they dont want opening.. it open the whole case of the holy grail again, it brings to light part of the catholic church which are paid to stay out of sight, like you say, it rock the very root of the foundation of the cathoilic church a we know it.. it dare to suggest there are part of the bible which the vatican is hiding.. it uncomfortable"
"pros:(1)identify the weakness of a system. (2)develop the creativity and ingenuity of the mind. . cons: (1)induces sexism,racism, rage and cursing.. (2)encourages hypocrisy"
"well if you already feel that someone is doing it then pro bally they are.. to protect yourself cast a protection circle, don't give any of ur personal stuff to those people. keep salt around your dorm room, or house.it take out all evil spirit that are usually used by dark witches."
"asian can perceive difference between different asian ethnic groups, and likely all caucasian people look the same to them. a laotian, for example, look quite different physcially from a korean, who look different from an indian, japanese, chinese, vietnamese, etc. etc."
"turtle soup used to be a delicacy desired by many a long time ago. turtle meat wa expensive and so a cheaper version wa created using organ meat, thus the ""mock"", a in fake. it is a brothy soup with herbs, sometimes root vegetables, and organ meat (liver, brains,etc.)"
here is the definition of life:. . a sexually transmitted di eas that affect some worse than others.. . so basically we are all just a bunch of stds.
"all hotel on the lantau island, where hk disneyland is at, are way overpriced. if you don't mind travelling, you should stay at more inland hotel in kowloon peninsula. ywca at yau mai tei may not be a bad choice, if you have a tight budget, but expect to take one hour ride to hk disney, which probably doe not open until 10:00am"
"beijing ha an altitude of 43.71m. the tian¡¯anmen square at the heart of beijing ha an altitude of 44.4m. the lowest area of the municipality is in the chaichangtun of tongzhou district, with an altitude of 8m. and the highest is lingshan mt., with an altitude of 2303m."
"john 3:16- for god so loved the world that he gave his one only son that whoever belief in him shall not perish but have eternal life. . . all you have to do to get to heaven is to believe in christ jesus and repent, and follow him."
"my friend refuse to eat there anymore because he had the same problem twice, a well a his wife!. i babysat a guy (years ago) who used to work for them, and he let me know that most of the employee didn't wash their hand or put on their glove before returning to work from the bathroom."
i figure if i put question on here i can get help from ppl who have had the same experience or they might know more than what is on line if there is a hidden trick. i would mostly use this for those item not in a book or on line (like relationship advise) but more for the personal experience that someone else encounters.
i am 5 month pregnant.. my wife and i chose a childhood friend that we knew would respect our wishes.. plus how many men (being honest now) would turn down a chance to have 2 woman for a week with all for his need cartered to.. not many!! i know three other couple at this time that are either pregnent or trying to conceive.
"the glottal stop or voiceless glottal plosive is a type of consonantal sound, used in many spoken languages. the symbol in the international phonetic alphabet that represents this sound is ʔ. the glottal stop is the sound made when the vocal cord are pressed together to stop the flow of air and then released, and is the sound in the middle of the interjection uh-oh."
"they aren't.. how can they be? i prefer ""the mouth is a window to a person's soul"", but i'd be saying the same untrue thing, wouldn't i?"
"it's not a question of ""what crack me up""...but more of a ""how i feel"". (if i had to make a list, there would be sooo many things...:) ). i have to be in a good mood...and then i can laugh at anything...even at myself...i can laugh (back) at children, dog and cat make me laugh too, silly thing in somebody's life...jokes.... . to answer the second question...no..but again i have to be in the right mood...no point in somebody's attempt to make me laugh if my mind wanders off to an ill relative, or i am in pain, or i am depressed (that happens to me too)..."
there is a lot more salt in the salt water than there is in your tears. any substance that ha a different composition than the tear really irritates the delicate tissue in the eye.
"ha so.there is no way to positively know.so you are doomed to always wonder.maybe i can help with a few clues.. having chopstick lying around.relatives bow a lot.mattresses on floor.you squat instead of sit.you pull car,rickshaw.you own moped.dad & mom run.convience store,laundry mat,tailor shop,little restaraunt.. there are several more,but i am tired.so hope this helps.no thanks needed.glad to be of service.lol"
"very good question, i lived 4 year in (ajman, dubai) northern emirate and 1 year in mafraq when i wa posted in mafraq hospital.... living in mafraq simply mean depression. no place to go. u r in the middle of a desert, even if u go to abudhabi u wont find it a good a dubai.. it wa the hardest year for me.. another thing in mafraq u wont spend much money cuz there is no place no spend it"
"look in those magazine for contact info.. . also, don't get your hope up. the odds are overwhelmingly against even pro photographers!"
"i find most nudist are old, or you probably didn't want to see them nude. the thought of old flabby private flapping in the salty air is a little gross. i believe they call them self naturists, by the way."
"1) the force move over the object and carry on.. . 2) the force is deflected back the way it came, it is not stopped and the object is not moved.. . 3) such thing cannot co-exist."
if you could find out about a secret society -- it would not be secret -- would it?. so if you did find out about it -- it would stop being secret -- so you question is logically impossible.
whoo... go to the doctor. i'm scared a well.
you made him that way. meanie. make him all happy. lol.
"simple! understanding!!! without knowing the meaning, how can you understand the subject? do you get my meaning?"
"the term 'serving suggestion' is used on pre-prepared food when there is a photo or picture on the outside of the product packaging showing the product being sold along with another product that is not supplied. i.e. if the packaging for a loaf of bread had a picture of bread with cheese and ham on it, it would have to state 'serving suggestion' on the outside of the packaging. this is down to false advertising regulations."
"you have to be attuned to the level energy of the soul, that is the astral plane. astral plane is also known a the emotional plane where all emotion negative or positive are kept. unchecked or unresolved emotional conflict on the part of the soul may cause it to manifest in other dimensions/plane like the one we occupy."
"i'm not for sure, but it is gross. i think the problem could be that we don't have enough art program in public schools--these young boy are extremely uncultured. so, instead of following a more traditional cultural standard--like what would be demonstrated in art program that glorify european artistic expression--these young men are looking to a new, young, rebellious, urban culture to find their personal identities, which includes their clothing. these young men need to be exposed to more traditional cultural icon if we want to change them culturally--or more specifically--change their fashion style."
96 tear by ? & the mysterians. remember that song? me either.
"candy apple are red, with a hot cinamon flavor, and ha a hard shell. caramel apple have soft caramen around them. bith are so yummy."
"gypsy - otherwise known a traveller - used to be nomadic in their way of life ,,selling their ware wherever they went, i.e. clothes pegs, sharpening knives....etc"
a society is a private collection of people. quite like a box which is also a collection of similar things.. . hence while talking a society is generally co-related with a box.
"because some people prefer their food saltier than it may be before adding salt. back before we had refridgerators and stuff salt wa used to sort of preserve food, and high amount of salt would make meat that wa going bad taste good enough to eat."
"what my son missed most while he wa in iraq wa traditional, american lifestyle. your boyfriend would probably be best helped by spending his free time with the thing he enjoyed doing before he left. he may need to be reminded (in action and sight, not in words) that america is real, that home is real, that life go on."
it could be an island in . thailand or southern rock music.
kick him in the nuts. assert yourself. unless you are young and he is your brother. then tell mom and dad.
"i totally understand why you ask this question... if someone is going to die anyway, why worry about hygiene and the possibility of infection. simply put, it would be cruel and unusual punishment to use an infected or unsterilized needle."
"isn't it possible that what we see a being order really just happens to be the way thing are? my desk is a mess, chaotic, some might say, but to me it's organized because i know exactly where everything is, and it's ""home"" to me. to claim the universe wa intelligently designed simply by virtue of it beauty or order commits the fallacy of circularity: we're too caught within the assumption that order ha an arranger to admit the possibility that it's random -- or that nature, not god, is the cause."
"romans: ""the wage of sin is death"". we are fallen from the perfection that god created u to be. we are all subject to decay & ultimately death."
"good question... doesn't really need an answer, a you already know it.. what about people who answer like am, that do not answer, just say good question! and i agree!"
"because it is awesome thinking about the next step in your analytical (philospically) thinking...to examine truly what you think about a subject that ha no right answer...you can shock yourself that you can think deep, or you can dispoint yourself because you realized something you thought you believed doesn't make sense...but you have faith you're getting closer to figuring out something or you get discouraged because you now understand something less. . when you step on slippery rocks..you want to prove to yourself you can walk on them because it ha to be possible and initially seems easy, but you can fall down, and not figure out why you couldn't just keep your balance or make it (trying to make sense out of it)..or you can actually do it and make it accross the slippery rock and feel like you figured out how (and still not know how you did it).... . that is the only way i could compare them"
"provenance. . n : where something originated or wa nurtured in it early existence; ""the birthplace of civilization"" [syn: birthplace, cradle, place of origin]"
men take all their frustration out on u wives. i just leave the room or go for a walk until he calm down. been doing it for over 30 years.
"because european have a better education system than we do here in the us. most american care only about themselves, their community or their state. european on the other hand realize that what happens in one country - be it good or bad - can happen in theirs. therefore they learn all they can about other government and their people."
we spend 80% of our entire life defending ourselves. society ha a pretty big part in creating most of today schmucks.
"the pain of the loss allows emotion to pivot like a balancing, we remember the departed for the good time shared and in this remembrance the joy of those moment are brought out. the lost for some however can be so overwhelming that they can't stop mourning at this point in their grief, which is quite understandable if you've ever experienced the loss of one held so dear. the fun in funeral is a coincidence(although in my culture they have what is called a wake where little sandwich are served with tasty beverages), and mourning ha nothing to do with morning; but the coincidence allows for the thought that for the bereaved a new day will come, with the dawn bringing light back into the darkness that fill their hearts, or at least that is my hope. great question, thank you for asking it."
to lay an egg.. . spongebob is around 16 is my guess.
"though it's not the best or most profound form of reference. in our society today it's a true a the day it wa said, ""first you get the money, then you get the power... then you get the women."""
"boob is short for ""booby."" the original meaning of the word is an idiot or stupid person. i think it came to also mean a woman's breast because the sight of boob turn a man into a boob.. . the origin is probably from the spanish bobo, or from the latin balbus, which mean ""stammering"""
the seventh day adventist take off their shoe and wash each other's feet. church is on saturday.
"try using the internet. there are a lot of site that can help you out with that. but you would probably have to be willing to travel a little. but really, thats something that a lot of people are into."
"driving in montreal can be tricky if u dont know the city. i would suggest that if u rent a car there then have a road map to map out ur drive first...its filled with one way streets. there is a good bus and subway system there, cost about 2 buck per trip or like 8 buck for the day. taxi start out at $2.50 befor u even start moving lol....but there is alot on st. catherine street...stick around there and u wont have to go far..."
"she meant ""i'm doing nothing, i am just sitting here. what are you doing?"" i know it would be so much easier just to say that, but time are changing."
"they can't--they've been around forever.. . they are relatively new on women, but men have had them for who-knows-how-long? hey, that's a good question."
"first, the gollywhopper is a folktale that came from the state of maine. a gollywhopper is a rare sort of eating bird, like a gigantic chicken, found only on a tiny island in the west indie called theresoneborneveryminute."
it is a latin name meaning horn. you can find it on the source mentioned below.
"most people are very uncomfortable with grief and don't know how to deal with someone who is mourning a loss.. . ""sorry"" is often the only thing they can think of to say to express their sympathies. unfortunately, although some people appreciate the condolence (i did after my grandmother died last summer), for other people, they just make thing worse."
"why did you ask a question and then answer it yourself? that's kind of redundant.. . but yes, i can dance hip-hop."
"i think like been practised in malaysia,: a) king a the head of state, prime minister a the head of government, b)king a a symbol, pm play the role of governing the nation. i think uk also the same"
"before you wash your hair, cut a lemon in half and rub it on your scalp.. . the astringent action would remove the dandruff that is attached to the scalp and regular usage for 2-3 week would have spectacular effect."
breast milk is still best for the first year. it give the stomach lining time to fully develop and lessens the chance of serious allergy later in life.
"it's a yarmlke, or kippah. and here's a good site:"
mean my money. . denar is a type of money just like a penny.
simpson did it!!! simpson did it!!!. episode where bart go up against one of ned flanders' son (i forgot which) in mini-golf and lisa teach him to zen out. he manages to make a noise by folding his open hand very quickly.
"if you know the city,state,date,etc.. most have info in the paper about it. try looking at there local paper website or archive about it. other then calling the family."
"it's a slavic word it mostly ha two meaning justice or truth.. . russian - truth. serbian, macedonian, croatian, bosnian, it mean justice"
zihuatanejo (see wah tah nay ho) is located in the municipio of josé azueta (zihuatanejo de azueta) in the state of guerrero on the pacific coast of mexico... about a hundred mile northwest of acapulco. the tourist resort of ixtapa (eeks tah pah) is only about 3 mile away.
therapy and medications. deppression is an illness that can be controled.
"we human have sexual nerve ending there. let's not discus this, though. if you look it up on the web you'll get a lot of porn, i'm sure."
"try some cleanser that ha oxy in the name... that caramel coloring is tough to dissolve. whatever you do don't mix ammonia and bleach in any way shape or form, that stuff could kill you."
"an atheist doe not beleive in the concept of a god.. . an agnostic think there may be a god, and is intelligent enough to admit that no man-made religion know what god is, nor is he, the agnostic, wise enough to define or understand god.. . if only people were intelligent enough to acknowledge that, and not need a crutch like religion to get through life."
"think about it; group yawning happens when you're in the company who are equally a understimulated a you and so when one person yawns,gulping in an extra large breath of air, sending more oxygen to the brain, this primal response to understimulation (eh boredom) trigger the same in everyone else. that would be except the people who are finding the situation stimulating, a in the lecturer @ a lecture"
"probably at least 80%. in the u.s., if you buy it in a package, it will be listed on the nutrition label. canadiam bacon tends to be a lot leaner"
good that he is asking questions.......... . well the turmeric paste is put a turmeric is supposed to work a an antiseptic........
"the living bible is not a version, but a paraphrase. somebody read it & then restated it in their own way.. kjv is an actual translation, taken word by word from the origional hebrew & greek."
mention it the next time you are invited to dinner. we always serve salad before the main course when we entertain. i also love starting a meal with salad.
"they're no more impotent now than they were 3000 year ago. we're just smart enough to notice now. (well, some of u are)"
"the meaning of life, hmm... there is not enough room in yahoo! server to answer this correctly and fully. in a nutshell: to be good to one another, learn from your mistakes, never quit learning even until the day you expire."
"i think you're mistaking worship for respect. it is a matter of honoring the memory of those who have passed, and whether or not they are here to care is subjective dependant upon an individual's belief about life, death and afterlife."
it depends on the quality of the water. clear cube stem from pure bottled water with out the chemical present in tap water.
when you yawn you release carbon dioxide and a someone else breathes in your oxygen they get the carbon dioxide witch is released second later and you start yawning cause your tired! my dad say people yawn when you dont get enough oxygen to the brain and other people yawn out of reflex!?
i spend my easter in the church.. after praying to the god i reached home . ate my easter food thats it
"the death of the prophet muhammed(pbuh) did not impact on islam because the religion wa completed and he had finished his message before his death. it really impacted the muslim because a u know the muslim love thier prophet muhammed(pbuh) more than thierselves but he also had left his(pbuh) sunnah(legal ways,etc.) to the muslim so the death of the prophet muhahammed(pbuh) did not impact our religion,indeed it impacted our feeling(as he(pbuh) is not alive but it is allah`s will)"
yes i know how to draw. i can't draw a good a i'd like to but i can still draw pretty good.
"both...both take you away to another world- i like fiction because there are no limit to what the author can dream up, and i like non-fiction because i learn from others' experiences. fiction author i recommend are john irving, jodi picoult, amy tan, and wally lamb. non-fiction i recommend bill bryson and mary roach."
make happy and be happy. (don't confuse pleasure with happiness)
"the answer from art is........a natural psychological progression that the eye ha when visually inspecting a photo......the eye search for visual cues, and with the correct image you can manipulate the viewer eye to ""move"" where you want it, thus giving the picture movement.....do you have some photots to share? and i will explain it with more clarity"
i'd say that until u don't have a personality then ur good look are just a useful a a wheelchair which is pedal driven(sorry for the harsh criticism but thats the way it is). lotza love. nick
let someone else cut the onion for you. that is what i do.
"the question is , who will be doing that same quiestion if you don't exist.. . i think, therefore i exist. . we are all part of a plan from god"
the state or quality of being fully grown or developed. . the state or quality of being mature.
"he doesn't hide, i've found him. you just have to seek, he's not going to jump out in front of you and yell ""here i am!"" you have to look for him, but he's never hard to find, if your looking with your heart. god bless."
"islam is a very aggressive religion. of all of the wars/conflicts in the world, something like 95% of the at least one if not both side are muslim. if you read about what people are doing to innocent woman and child in place like algeria, sudan, indonesia in the name of islam it's bad(cutting the throat of whole family if they don't observe islam a devoutly a they should, burn torture to enslaved christian child if they refuse to learn islam, etc....)"
someone who can get complex idea across simply. someone who is honest and direct. someone who doesn't lie or use emotional argument to try and convince you to their side.
"the correct word is super cali fragil istic espi ali docious. . a nonsence word meaning fantastic, also called supercalifragilistic, from the movie mary poppins"
"first, add ice to your glass. fill it to the top with ice cubes. add your rum. keep your coke chilled in the fridge and add it to the glass."
"take your time eating them,you don't have to eat them all at once.. donate them to a charity,i am sure they will be well received,so they can be distributed to the le fortunate."
you could try some of the household cleaner named kaboom! adn a pipe cleaner.
"indiscriminate killing. the men, women, children, livestock, basically everything that move young, old, male female and otherwise. there is no plan, there are no rules, there is no honor. plain, simple extermination."
"it`s dusty (or wa dusty earlier this week) because of wind blowing sand and dust from the asian continent. it happens almost every year, and only last a few days."
"hmmm ... i've heard of bok choy and choy sum, the vegetables. the choy part refers to the cabbage family of plants. so maybe choy mean the same a the german family name kohl ... cabbage?"
"i start by cutting it in half. i take out all the seeds, then i cut each half into quarters. then, i take my knife and go along the edge to cut off the rind. i like mine with black pepper."
"if your system isn't used to the fiber, suddenly eating a ton of fruit (especially high-fiber fruit i.e. apples) could very easily cause some pretty hardcore stomach upset & poopy-tummy...otherwise, unless you have some allergy (i.e. one of my friend is horrendously allergic to anything citrus; if she ha a sip of oj she break out into crazy hives), eating fruit is awesome for your body."
"ok what you do is to sell picture you might want to use ebay. you could also resell it to a company and they could sell it. you could also build your own websites, or server (if your isp allows it) and sell your picture on there."
"maybe it got coined from how wrenching it feel when one discovers they were irrefutably wrong.. . sorry, typo"
"leader lead, boss boss.. . leader pull, boss push.. . basically (and this is just my opinion), leader give direction and control (as in ""lead"")while boss push for a result looking at the output only.. . just my thought for the morning :-)"
"that creamy milky looking stuff...that wasn't milk, that wa soap....don't use that again & it won't taste soapy!!"
because they want to see what is going on and if it ha been discovered and if it is being investigated. they also like to listen to what people say about it.the criminal tends to have more to say and know most about the crime and that usually give them up. not all criminal do go back in fact good one never do. depending upon the crime they committed it may be a morbid curiosity or just wanting to see what the police know or people think they know.
"listen to all these idiot saying that it is rude and down class how bloody dare they,and you should never leave child on the computer on their own anyway.this is for adult only you fool can you see a bit called toys/games no!!!!"
"take it to a ""mail center"" they will pack it and ship it for you. it doe not matter which way it go back, just that it go back with recipt proving you sent it"
the protein in the cake puff it up and it not hard. . . the yeast vegetarian use make it like bread instead of real cake... btw vegetarian dont eat meat they do eat eggs.
"dan brown (the author) claim that the holy grail is not a goblet but document that show jesus's decendents. in it he claim that jesus wa married to mary magdelene, and they had children. he probably wrote it because he wa interested on subject and thought it could sell some books, it also explores in depth age old cults, stone mason knight of templar etc. at then end of the day it nothing to get worked up about, it in the fiction section of the book store for gosh sakes."
"i went to google and did a search for ""pop-up book instructions"" they came up with 28 different web site that each had unique and very good step by step instruction for making them. good luck and have fun!"
"i can detect your sarcasm. all the da-vinci code show is that you can make sequential letter in the bible spell out anything that ha happened, however, it's a little tougher to predict the future when you don't know what's going to happen."
"pizza are round because when you stretch a dough ball it is the best shape for equal division of dough.. . the box are square because it is cheaper to produce. they come in unfolded, 200 stack that need to be folded into boxes."
"he did, it's called your conscience. unfortunately, not everyone listens to theirs all the time."
"maybe they like the fact that uht, which mean ultra high temp, basically it been ultra-superduper-pasteurized and can be kept on a shelf until it opened, like with mayo and stuff. if that answer doesnt help, sorry dude."
he pretend not to be gay because he know there are people like you trying to figure him out for a good bit of gossip. . . leave him alone.
"my favorite beach town is fuengirola, between malaga and gibralter. the beach is nice, and there are lot of bar and club around town a well. i don't think culture and tradition play too much a part there, since it largly ugly condo and brittish and german tourists, but the beach and the bar are quite nice. for legitamate culture, seville and granada aren't far, though they are both landlocked."
"how to 'attrack' them?. . well, first you need to learn to spell.. . i hope you didn't mean 'attack'.."
"ejercicio = exercise.. it doesn't mean ""to exercise,"" it is the noun exercise.. a in ""a math exercise"" (un ejercicio de matemáticas). ejercicio can also be used to say ""to exercise"" by saying ""hacer ejercicios."" this literally mean ""to do exercises,"" but it is used when you are trying to use the verb ""to exercise."""
roflmfao is better. . rollin on floor laughing my friggin a... off!
"i don't know, i wasn't there! sorry! though i'm sure that there is a book on it somewhere, try amazon or google print!"
"they have a disease called hepamatosis, which is the death of the skin cell that support hair growth. this is caused by radiation from ipod which ha amplified itself through certain type of le dense brain matter, this usually mean that the person ha to be extremely dense, slow reaction and would not survive in the wild.. . in this day amd age with the help of the benefit system aiding the spread of these ill fated humans."
"well,perhaps you need to slow down a little so the saliva in your mouth ha a chance to dry/be swallowed. i had and i mean-had a friend who did that to me all the time cause she just rambled and rambled and......"
she probably had enough of her parent strict way and is trying to figure out how to be an normal teenage girl and a good indian girl without nither side colliding it like living in two seperate lives.try to understand that she probably love her parent and doesnt want to hurt thier feeling by rebelling and letting them know about it so she doe all this behind thier back.if u really like her then talk to her shes probably shy or just plain quite and doesnt talk much be her friend and let her really trust you more then her other friend maybe then she will confide to you about wat shes up 2 this might actually make you have a closer relationship with her. hope this helps.
go to u visa office and apply for visa... it probably is a big nothing.
"the old testament doe clearly say that homosexuality is a sin, by the way, in case you're attempting to say the bible doesn't forbid it.. . not that i care. come on over here with u atheists, who won't stone you to death..."
"in my opinion, progression and growth, for the individual a well a helping others do the same. this is among many meaning though."
some don't like th taste. some don't like the bones. some don't like the texture in their mouths.
"place a piece of white bread into the bag, that should keep it from clumping. i would also do what the other poster said, the brown ceramic bear, it keep the sugar from clumping. sometimes it's in other shapes, but you can ask for it at your local kitchen store or linen's and things, etc."
"we use to have chicken too. fill the sink with water,,put egg in and if they stay at the bottom---they're good. if they float to the top,,they're bad ( ha gas)...only eat them if they stay on the bottom."
"you don't. you would get caught sooner or later, the fed would see to that. you would then get prison time and a dishonorable discharge which will follow you your entire life. do your time, get discharged honorably, and then move on with your life."
"for the same reason opera isn't played instead of muzak. real art make people think and thinking is work. a brightly colored tabloid or fashion mag featuring airbrushed cleavage and a headline like ""21 way to get your man hot!!!"" will get the average person attention and keep them entertained for a while without requiring any actual conscious thought."
i dont know about other teen but with me it's about felin unwanted. i've tried 6 time and i havent been successful so i just stop trying
"before getting a french citizenship, you need to get a work visa. the normal way of doing this is finding a french company that want to hire you and have them fill out the paper work. this, of course, mean you need to have some skill that the french employer is looking for that he can't find in france a cheaply a he can hire you.. . after you have a work visa and live in france, it is a many year process to actually be able to apply for citizenship."
"yeah ur deffiantely not looking hard enough. singing is like the oldest form of worship, i think u would be hard pressed to find a religon that doesnt use a hymn, chant or incantation in their ceremonies. christianity is probably the only religon that ha actual ""songs"" in the european form a we know them."
warm weather year around. theme park for summer fun. great tex-mex food. great attraction like the riverwalk and close to almost everything...the beach...tubing on the guadalupe river...boating on canyon lake.
it's probably not a good idea to always get what you want. think about midas...
"okay thats not true mr. racial stereotype over here im white and i hate the cold weather! maybe they keep your office cold because of budget cuts, not their skin color!!"
"i dont know about gasoline, but try putting a slice of bread on top of an open tin of shoe polish and put a flame underneath it. the bread will absorb the alcohol and you can get drunk from eating it.... cheers!"
"well, i stand with u, but i think that people interpret the bible literally. really, in my opinion, the bible wa meant to be a metaphoric and spiritual book, not a book of science."
"if we could vote on the best question, i'd vote for yours. can we do that? the earl of sandwich made them up, that's why."
it mean it's time go get busy!. . he is just a bit too shy to tell you how he feels. perhaps you are too.
maybe they're childish and cant receive criticism well. sometimes the truth hurts.
"yeah, a provence (state) or city name would help. even a city, a provence or a famous tourist attraction nearby."
"you don't, but you can make them from scratch.. . good recipe at..."
"if life wa easy, and challengless and we all glided through life.. what would we learn? what would we make of ourselves if everything wa simple?. . we wouldn't learn anything..."
"egg are actually a pagan symbol used at ostara which is the celebration of the spring of vernal equinox. ostara (kinda sound like easter, huh?) is a celebration of earth's (or the goddess') rebirth a winter end and spring brings new life. egg have been used a a symbol of new life for this holiday long before the christian easter, but like so many other pagan rite it ha been adopted into christian ideology."
angryamerikn --- we have the same god..... some of the christian here dun know or may b forgot that even we love jesus.... but not a son of god... but a prophet :)
"closing your eyes, because it either the juice or vapor that make you cry. just dont cut yourself!"
"my old michigan history professor once told me the great lake cause michigan to be the cloudiest state in the union. i think the lake are your answer here too. but to some degree, i think they also moderate our weather too.. . but, a the old saying does, ""if you don't like the weather in michigan, wait five minutes."""
"an amusing little question. it could be said that god demanded the six million a down payment for allowing the state of israel to be (re)created. after all, when he first gave the land to the jew he demanded that they exterminate the native population."
"because christianity is nonsense, and they know it.. . the vast, vast majority of all people on earth do not believe in christ or the bullsh!t in the bible. islam is simply a part of that large proportion of the world population that think similarly."
an outlet usually sell out of date or overstocked items. while the original store sell item currently on demand. you can get a lower price at the outlet store.
you could listen to your favorite artist and sing along with the music you like best. get a good a you can at home and then go hang out with some musician at a local club. only listen to talented people because people with no talent can be really mean-spirited. talented people like to encourage other talented people.
"long, flat pasta.. . usually served with creamy sources."
"it's you.. like.. you-you. you.. . not your mind, not your body, nothing physical... not your knowledge.... . just.. you."
she will want to come in. so quit being lazy and clean your apartment. you should want to stay in a clean apartment anyway!
"it ha to do with the tear that lubricate the front of the eye. if someone ha a very stable tear film that doesn't break up quickly when exposed to air, their eye don't dry out and they don't have to blink to re-wet them."
"a halfway house is a term for a drug rehabilitation center or sex offender center where drug user or sex offender respectively are allowed to move more freely than in a correctional center but are still monitored by law enforcement agents, etc. there is often opposition from neighborhood where halfway house attempt to locate."
"beirut is an nice place to visit, lot of coffee shops, sightseeing,friendly people, both beach and the mountain nearby, and you can also go skiing (in winter i guess..?).. lebanon is getting more popular now that old tourist destination are already a bit boring. one of my best friend is lebanese, so she ha given me lot of information."
press your tongue to the roof of your mouth. it help a lot
:}. following the law . and following jeswus the christ
"the wetter month of the year are january through to june, according to the bureau of meteorology. see link below."
take your bus to jamaica center and get on the 'e' subway there. it stop on 42nd at port authority...
you need to install yim and then while in a conversation click on the cam symbol which will in turn turn your cam on.. . i have yim and a webcam
"jack daniel is filtered through charcoal a is all tennessee whiskey, jim bean is not, nor is bourbon. but their both stored/aged in char-coaled barrels.. it really just that one extra step."
esparanto. this is because a team of expert and student artificially created it. it is perfect in the sense that grammar rule always apply and there are no exceptions. there is a word for everything that exists in other laguages and the congugations are all designed to be simple.
because. i think some of the more expensive model have them. they use a bulb that hold up to exterme cold.
"common sense is basic knowledge that everyone should know and a sense of humour is being able to laugh at thing once in a while. why is common sense so uncommon? it's in our brain somewhere, it just take some people a while to find it. or i can just say many people have been hit in the head over and over (how many brain cell would you have lost from that?)"
"ha! i hope you are kidding, but that is a funny thought to ponder"
"hmm..let me see if i remember this right.. i think that when jesus christ wa crucified, the woman standyind at the cross' foot started to collect his blood in some receipients.. i don't know why they did so, but this is i think the reason for which we dye egg red on easter. hope it help"
jesus doesn't have a mexican name. jesus (hey-sus) is just how it's pronounced in spanish.
"some would say the perfect crime is the one that you get away with, i would say it is the one that no one know ha been committed. to put it in movie terms, the sting is the perfect crime, since no one realized a crime had even taken place, where a ocean's 11 or the italian job, they just got away with it."
"the root beer float is thought to have been invented by frank j. wisner in august of 1893. he wa inspired to ""float"" a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top of his myers avenue red root beer from his late night glimpse of the snow on top of the blackened cow mountain (location of his gold claims) illuminated by the full moon overhead. it wa an instant hit with the child of cripple creek who soon shortened the convoluted name mr. wisner came up with to just a ""black cow"". mr. wisner often remarked that if he had a nickel for every time someone ordered a black cow, he would have been a rich man."
i am not sure of the lie.. but if you have proof you didn't say it let people know. and depending on the lie.. you have a right to say whatever you want. constitution say so.
"i'd use a car if you have one. chambourg is not the easiest place to get to, it's kind of out in the middle of no where."
"womanpower = in a woman, the moral courage and self-respect to read the rather childish response to this frivolous question, yet be able to say, ""oh well, they don't represent the point of view of most americans. woman outnumber men in american universities, woman hold nearly half the top job in fortune 500 companies, and woman still can have baby if they choose. it's kinda fun being a woman."""
"skill he uses. if he doe lethal injection, it is the same skill that is required for medical personnel."
"poor country want what wealthy country have, even if it mean taking it rather than earning it. inequality lead to conflict. the only way many people know to solve conflict is through violence. learing to talk, use diplomacy, is the only hope we have."
"still there is the sun energy and water, scientist will make use of it and we will enjoy! hopefully! ;)"
"malt liqour is malted and thus ha a higher alcohol content. beer isn't. but a to which taste better it's up to the person. a faster drunk is with the malt, and it's cheaper too."
"it mean that someone's lying to you in a fake friendly sort of way.. i would imagine it's some sort of combination of the expression ""smoke and mirrors"" (an illusion) and ""kissing someone's a$s."""
"you sign a pact that say you will take all necessary step to preserve your marriage. you can get a divorce but it is darn near impossible to get. if you are thinking of entering into a covenant marriage, be absolutely sure that you want to spend the rest of your life with that person."
"put a can of frozen juice concentrate (1.5 oz), 2 tbsp of gelatin mix (flavor of your choice), & 1 tbsp sugar in a blender and mix. once mixed add ice to fill blender and blend until slushy."
"who is 'they'? why are they so insistent that you be happy? sometimes people don't feel happy, and this is what we call 'life'. if they keep bugging you, tell them that the reason you are unhappy is that 'someone' keep asking you why you are unhappy, and all that doe is remind you that you are not happy, which depresses you and then you become even more unhappy, and so the next time they ask, you feel even worse, but if they would just shut up and stop bugging you about it, maybe you might feel better."
"i assume you are an artist, perhaps you can do alot of job such a being an art teacher, working in a magazine drawing and posting your art in it, learn photoshop and get involved in comic or animation, create characters...etc. what are you fond of? portraits? ladscape?"
"hitler targeted a lot of minority including jewish people. among those were homosexuals, wiccans, jews, people of diffrent races, the mentaly handicapped and the deformed. these were all minority's and did not fit hitler ideal of a perfect race blond hair and blue eye and christian, none of witch hitler was. so to obtain his perfect race he decided to try and kill all those who did not belong to these standard"
"cause nothing in life is free. to live, a person must have money. love doe not pay for shelter, food, doctor's bills, and clothing. if it does, let me know where, and i will be the first to move."
"neither is exactly something a decent young man would want to emulate. how about transforming yourself into a hardworking, lawabiding, upstanding young man who graduate from high school, go on to learn a solid trade or go on to graduate from college with good grade and land a good job.. . why emulate something so ugly, negative and destructive?"
"a truck is driven under a bridge, but it's too big by two inch and get stuck. everyone stand around trying to work out how to back the truck up, or cut the top of the truck off, or lift the bridge. a lateral thinker let the air out of the tyre to drop it a couple of inches."
feminism is the theory that fat ugly chick get angry at men because they can't get any date and protest demanding respect and equality. the irony of coarse is that they already had respect and equality until they started bad mouthing men and turning everyone off; now they are still fat and ugly but are disliked and mocked also.
go to tools. internet options. click the clear history button
"read god's intruction book,. . the bible.. . he created us, so he should know."
"hi, i think the best thing is to consult an optician. they are in the best position to tell you what to do.please do not use any self medication on your eyes. eye are very sensitive and delicate to handle.. thanks."
i love swinging! it is so much fun!...no i don't know why but i thought i would tell you that =d
"a homemaker, or ""housewife"" a you probably know, is a woman who stay home, taking care of the kids, cleaning, cooking, that sort of thing. the term ""housewife"" is used because the wife stay in the house, and maintans it."
oh the wisdom of wit! you are one fun loving smart @ss. that is such a difference mister. keep it up...don't you dare stop!
apocalypse 22:21. the grace of our lord jesus christ be with you all. amen. ...because it finally the end.
"i think nature made our smell tolerant to our sens and thank god. can you imagine, yuk"
he owns over 7 hundred million share of microsoft. he also ha financial interest in over 100 other companies. his net worth change from day to day by 10's of million because of stock fluctuations.. . his worth at this time is around 54 billion dollars.
"there is always a controversey with the catholic church because it is a huge organization with lot of power. why is there alwasy a controversey with the american government? seriously, i spend some of my freetime making fun of catholic because their religion just conglomerate all the belief of the pagan into it, but that's not why something is always going wrong with them."
"to recall the passion of the christ. he wa taken away from the disciple to be crucified. good friday is also the only day of the year we don't celebrate mass, a a reminder of his sacrifice for the world."
"""black"" olive are fermented and ripened green olives. . . at least this is what i remember from working at papa john's where they made you learn about all their products."
"coke blak is a coke/coffee concoction that came out about 2 week ago. some people like it and others think it's horrible. i think it's just ok, i wa a little disappointed."
"work on attending social gathering like a sport club or toastmaster club. all shyness can be overcame when we realize that everyone else is just a scared of u too. people naturally fear the unknown, so to conquer the fear we got to get out and see for our self the wonderful world beyond are cozy nest."
"with gum. chew a stick of gum, while you are chewing the gum, get the clothes and stick the area with the gum under very hot water. this will cause the gum to become very soft and mushy. take the gum that you have been chewing out of you mouth and dab the area on the clothe that ha the gum until the gum on the clothes is off."
"i believe a spirit is the essence of an individual--the part that life forever & is part of the great source some of u call god. i don't know if memory or personality are part of the spirit, or if it's the same thing a the soul. great question!"
"for me the best way is to return to the sentence with which you began your essay (it's called rondo).... smth. like ""so, a i stated in the beginning..."". well, it's beautiful, but probably doesn't fit the sport essay?"
"nothing...camino is spanish for cumin. go for the camino, it usually cheaper. :)"
expose the child to those arts... take him/her to a play or dance recital (whatever flavor of perfoming art you think the child will enjoy most). if the child take a shine to any of them they will let you know.. . under no circumstance should you try to nudge them in one way or another... i have seen way too many kid that were driven further way by too much parental interference.
the orthodox church us the julian calendar and the roman and reformed church use the gregorian calendar modified by pope gregory in the year ----? protestant in egypt have agreed to follow the coptic (orthodox) easter so that there will only be one.
the city or county probably ha a web site listing arrests. it public record.
bartending make killer money if you find the right bar! good luck
"to learn to be a responsible and moral man. to understand the truth of universe, and to love and respect all living beings."
"the time period overlapped slightly, but you could say the middle age (medieval) lasted from about 500 to 1350, and the renaissance lasted from 1350 to about 1580. source differ, however, and there are too many difference to list here. check out the website below. good luck!"
because they are selfish or think they are able to treat you a certain way. you need to show them they can't.
"beauty is in the eye of the beholder. perhaps you are attracted to something you consider beautiful, but beauty that you see is only skin deep. you need to see the true inner beauty, which you can only see by talking to and getting to know someone...."
left lane is used for overtaking. this is because of the fact that the driver (usa) is on the left side and ha a better view when he is overtaking other vehicle from the left. and so left lane is for overtaking and right lane is for slow traffic.
"art is production or arrangement of sounds, colors, forms, movements, or other element in a way that affect the sense of beauty and awe, producing beauty in a graphic, music, painting,sculpture or any medium of choice.. . s.s."
"well, the bottom line is that the lebensraum (living room) in question belonged to other countries! when hitler made a move into poland, france and england were bound by treaty to try to stop him by declaring war on germany."
"i have the same kind of neighbor, i just started shutting my doors, windows, and totally ignoring her for about a week, i wasn't rude about it, just acted like i wa always busy. i think she finally got the hint, doesn't do it a much anymore. just always act like your getting ready to do something, or how about when your husband come home, if he ha a cell phone, call him and make it ring, so he can walk away and take his call, what else can she do if he's busy a well."
because all the money gone to those politicians. people have no money left to buy a gun !
lol. you need to go back to your kintergarden class. your spelling is ...synful. lol
"first of all type it the way you want to, at least your spelling wa right. movie became popular for the lady because of the dish some theater would give away, if you went to the movie once a week you would receive a new piece of dinner ware for your set. something like you would find in a major chain grocery store today."
"people need to be aware that everything we throw on the ground go to the sewer that go to the ocean. i live near where the sewer empty into the ocean and it gross; after it rain there is so much trash. i thought people who littered were pig before i saw that, your neighbor child are being badly brought up."
one : in you spirit . the other : in other spirit
"""very good""!....put a ""star"" by your name! - move to the head of the class! -good insight and wisdom"
"people won't really be alarmed until we are past the tipping point, and then it will be too late. the sign are everywhere, dead zone in the ocean, the increase in hurricanes...but development and bulldozing and mass consumption continues. ugh."
"i think that the olympic national park in washington state is absolutely stunning. there's a rainforest, old growth forest, the pacific ocean, mountains, native american artifacts, it's somewhat accessible on trail for wheelchairs, 4 lodges, 4 different visitor centers, and 16 campgrounds.. . you can hike, backpack, climb, ski, snowshoe, watch birds, ride horses, and fish.. . and it's beautiful."
"yes, all of them perverts, homosexuals, child molesters, male prostitues, i am happy to include all of them in that verse.. . and yes, of course homoseuxality is an unnatural act. that is so obvious, you have to laught that anyone would even try to defend it."
"it slowly evolved a a method of making trade easier. having money allows people to specialize, so if a person make only, say, furniture, and the baker in town doesn't need any, you can sell it to someone who want furniture and buy bread with the money. it's the reason for the vast advancement in efficiency over the year and ha resulted in the standard of living and life expectancy we have today."
because people are controlling and stupid. everyone like a reason to look down their nose at the person next to them. belching and farting in public are fun and i do it every chance i get!
"...they like did not declare war on anyone...and the german put their cash there, so no point in creating any mess.... . plus it would have taken a lot of time to conquer and a lot of resource to control..."
being roman catholic state that one follows the teaching of the holy father in rome. other wise one would be orthodox catholic and follow the teaching of the head of the eastern catholic church.. . catholic is a generic term and could be either one.
plz find a mirror and see yourself once again then go and think are you comparable with iranian girl ?iranian girl are famous for their beauty even in euorpe i know many iranian girl who select a miss world in europe ...when there are so many pretty girl in iran how we could think about japanese girl ?i dont know any of my friend who like to marry with jappanese girl though there are a few of them here. i dont know about that iranian guy but sure he is stupid to seek a jappanese girl hand
"yes, what's the point?. . well if the point is only to ponder why - what a pity.. . i'd rather that the why took care of itself and left me on my own to enjoy the parade."
two of them kill off the other one.. . it's survival of the fittest where twinkie are concerned....
"the earliest origin of shinto are lost to history, but it seems to have been established by the late jomon period. most likely, after the arrival of the earliest ancestor of today's japanese, each tribe and area had it own collection of god and ritual with no formal relationship between each of the areas. following the ascendency of the ancestor of today's imperial family to a position of power among the other groups, their ancestral deity were given prominence over the deity of other groups, though different system continued to coexist."
heatbroken ha summed it up nicely.. . all i will add is you definitely need to start with a real pig.
my voice is more important to me than my looks. i use my voice everday but not everyone i talk to see me.
"maybe you can start believing in global warming, and the green house effect on global dimming, the evaporation rate. there are 100 thousand article about this topic, and there is no way it can be covered in the soft drink & beverage page of yahoo."
"move your head!! and could say...: ""i have a different point of view"". or... "" i get that, but i disagree, eventhough i understand your point and respect it"""
shave her head. use the louse shampoo because you need to kill the louse and need to comb out the eggs. you also need to strip all of the bedding and treat whoever life in the house.
i'm lds. . . it is the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints.
community flavor of joint living. allows u to rejoice in our good will.
eat le and exercise more. talk to a good nutritionist who ha experience with your particular health concern before starting *anything*; she or he will be able to give you more specific guidelines.
some people who live in poverty choose not to do anything about it...like get a job or an education. and some is just laziness
no! a cow is only good for 1 breeding season per year.
catholic and most protestant use the new gregorian calendar decreed by pope gregory xiii in 1582.. . the greek orthodox church us the old julian calendar introduced in 46 bc by julius caesar.
"since pretty much the whole cast ha already been given, i'll just pas on this study tip. if a character's name end in a consonant, they are from juliet capulet's family. if the name end in a vowel, they are from romeo montague's family."
fill bottom pot with water. boil. place chocolate in top pot and place on bottom pot. chocolate will melt.
"sometimes it is difficult to see what is wrong with ourselves, so we use other people a a ""mirror"" to see.. . example, whenever i say a vehicle driver is impatient cuz he is driving over the speed limit, i am really saying that _i_ can be impatient at times, and at times, i do the same thing."
start a donation funding. and i'm truly sorry about your brother.
"it doesn't do much but sit around and wait for someone to put it in some flour and stuff. since it doesn't have any arms, or feet, or a brain."
"it is best to follow the direction on the pkg. but you can take it out of the water just before it is done and place it in the oven on a raised rack to help dry it some but not to much, kind of like a brisket. corned beef is traditionally a boiled dish!"
"cut the pumpkin into cubes, boil it in little water (steam it) then smash the cooked pumpkin - like you do smashed potato. add water if needed until ha the creamy consistency you want. add salt, pepper, and one cup of cream (usually used for whipped cream, but don't whip it).. stir all and when it boil again take it from the oven.. mmmm - tasty!"
jesus showed the way. it is symbolic with water imersion. getting dunked show watcher that you have died to the world and reborn to faith and service to god.. a dedication of self.
"you really need to narrow down what you mean by pagan. there are hundred of pagan religions. angel play an important role in quite a number of them. in this instance i suspect that it wa supposed to portray the wiccan goddess, but i would have to see the image to tell you more."
beauty dosen't refere to appearance but it is what you see the person a whole. my beauty is decent..
"i would advise watching television show in english, with the closed captioning on. then you will see the written word while you hear the context in which they are used in. my son had speech issue and this wa one of the method we used. hope this helps!"
"pronounce the word ""tea"" (like in a cup of tea). and the word ""bow"" (like in a bow and an arrow).. . ""tea"" ""bow"""
"your painting skill are so cool the picture can be exhibited and if they love it they can buy it or they can buy it for a friend that would love your work so much they can even say, ""it's fantastic!"" and other word and they can keep it and if their friend that bought the work from you have the same picture they can even talk about it and use it in a room with other painted picture that are so cool and they are made of art and the painting can be exhibied and the painting will be so cool and you can be famous!"""
"it is a modern philosophical theory that focus on re-occurring aspect of existence. the most important theme are: ""why are people constantly aware of their own existence"" why is our existence filled with dread and anxiety?. . also existentialism belief that question of existing are the most important then other question is philosophy, such a ethics, politics and even logic."
failure are the stepping stone 2 sucess. to win a failure belive in urself be confident face evry situstion bravely be positive life is a mixture of both failure and sucess we cant avoid one side of a coin in the same way face sucess and failure equally
"heating it up may shrink it, but you also risk deforming it. maybe you can cut through it, cut a little bit away and then get some sort of a closing mechanism on each side, like a hook or a clasp."
"the province of canada were considered british colonies, except quebec which wa under french rule. the british conquered the french force at quebec in 1759, after which quebec became part of what wa then called lower canada. then in 1867 the province united a the dominion of canada."
"this is just a guess, but probably becasue the blood vessles and capillary are closer to the skin than average (or your penis-skin is thinner than average). like roscea of the face, the closer blood vessel show a a redness or darkening of the skin. if im right, i suspect your penis get much darker when erect???"
"are you kidding? you are the guest of honor! i sent your invite first, because what fun is anything without musiconecanplay?"
take the first letter of your last name and put it before your first...ie.john smith becomes s.john. then put on a wife beater and a large gold chain. next say the same thing over and over like you are crying... that should do it. good luck
"it still doe have two bars, apart from on keyboard - so i guess the answer could well be ""when the computer revolution started"". a for why, you'd have to ask the keyboard designers, but my guess is that they weren't english!"
yup i do. make me feel load better if you add to that a bit of music.
"give me a short or semi short answer, instead of copy and paste...how about just pasting the url?. saw an answer yesterday that must have been half a book.nice but you know what? i rather read answer that come from the heart or experience...smile"
t is right. wiping it out is not enough. you have to put it in the oven on high heat to kill the germs. same concept when you put the oven on self cleaning.
i have left all three of my boy intact a i am against circumcision (unless it is a religious or cultural thing). the medical practice doesn't want routine circumcision to end because they make money from all of those tiny foreskins! it is not medically necessary in almost all case for boy to be circumcised. greed is at work here!
"the dutch were at war with spain. england formed an alliance with the dutch. the soldier were introduced to the dutch made alcoholic beverage gin, which wa distributed to the troop before they went into the lines, and the soldier who survived the campaign brought the drink back to england and the name dutch courage wa coined."
"the distance between mendoza and santiago is close to 400km a far a i remember, so it not a long journey... on the other hand, from the international airport, you can take a bus (tur-bus company) that will take in about 35 to 45 min (deppending on traffic) to the tur-bus terminal in santiago, from there, you'll have to walk a little bit to go to the santiago bus terminal, where you can take a coach to mendoza.... . have a nice trip!. ps: you can get a return ticket for the stgo-airport journey that will be a bit cheaper that buy two single tickets... the return is open and valid for 90 day"
"because it is disrespectful.. when you do this, it look like you are not interested in girlfriend or wife anymore."
"because muslim don't let go pervert and mass murderers. if you do wrong, you are punished, that keep the rest from trying bad stuff.. in western socity, you may do a lot, and have bigger chance of getting away with it."
"go to france join up, tell them all the naughty thing you have done, they give you new i.d. high drop out rate tho and don't even thing about running away/changing you're mind. help to speak a leetle french."
"you don't have to be, but it is the most widely accepted form of civility. live like an animal if you like. prepare to live alone."
"in india there is a creed called punjabi or commonly known a sardars . . for *ussy they use the word ""fuddi"""
"fem. proper name, from l. serena, fem. of serenus ""clear, bright, fair, joyous"""
because we're smarter than americans. because we pay kickback to the enemy in exchange for wheat and oil
a website for sure. this way all search engine can crawl and make it easy for people to access the site.
"the italian equivalent of the name joseph is spelled giuseppe (i before the u), and is pronounced:. jioo-zep-pay (small stop between the two p's)"
"because they think with the wrong head!! lol, woman are just more about making thing better men want thing easier"
"the llama is sacred to the inca because they used llama fat a fuel for light. and to the incas, light wa where creation began and wa very important to their spirituality. therefor a connection wa made between llama and light, so that is why they are sacred to the incas."
"look at a full bottle of vodka. there, you see spirits. likely, that is the only real spirit you will see."
"the sum of human experience is finite and share many commonalities. so it is possible to say thing in such general term and yet with some level specific hint that it can pas off a a fortune reading. with people wanting so much to believe in something and hoping for something, that it is easy for opportunist to exploit it."
"actually, most of your personality is inborn and therefore it is extremely hard or impossible to change. psychologist can help people change a lot about themselves, like -they can help modify behavior or cope with hard situation but to actually change one personality is close to impossible. thats one of the reason why personality disorder are the hardest for psychologist and psychotherapist to treat."
"not if you go to a clean, reputable place. i've eaten sushi hundred of time and never gotten sick. i've never even heard of this happening, and there are like, a billion sushi place where i live. maybe a few people have gotten food poisoning from a dirty place, but it doesn't happen often."
the same way you eat an elephant. one piece at a time.
"he said ""do not multiply entity beyond necessity"" which roughly means, keep it simple. he meant this specifically for ontology (what exists), for example, why create an imaginary thing (like mind for example) unless we have a really good reason to think that our current theory is lacking (ie, that brain aren't enough.)"
"confidence come from believing in yourself. i think in order to believe in yourself, you have to give yourself positive thinking. for example, tell yourself, you are intelligent, you are honest, etc. and soon you will believe it yourself."
"from wich language thats name taken .... . we have in arabic name nealrly from thats it ""thaani"" .... . if thats u mean ....so it mean when u wish some one and feel happy for doing or have somthing good ... a congratulation .... . hope i helped you"
"because they are stupid and they want to see the response of other people to their stupid retarded questions, and they dont know what to ask so they ask stupid question like all the idiot who always ask ""what is 1 + 1?"". they have no freaking life so they ask reatrded questions. most of them also dont give a crap about points."
go where you are most comfortable. friend don't tell friend who they can hang with. sound like they want to be parents!
"because 2 country are not friendly. same a pakistani, irani and almost all arabi people can't go to isreal on their respective passport."
"you can't do that, see what religion will do to people!!"
"when i wa in dance, we used to hit the pointes with a hammer to help break them in. i also know some dancer who would wet the shoe and then dance in them."
"evolution is right in front of all your faces. in the past 200 year the average height for an american ha grown 1 foot. that, my freind is evolution at work."
"hey, take it easy on a guy!. . i'm half and i could grow a ""teaser"" if i wanted, a could most ndn guys.. . guess we figured we'll leave that up to the white boys!"
"kamari in the greek language mean pride, boast, something to be proud of.. if it's with a capital k, hence a name, then it's a place on the east coast of the island of santorini."
"it wa new amsterdam first, when the dutch controlled the city. when the english took over, they renamed it after the english city of york."
"it depends somewhat on what kind of material wyou want to cask-ceramics, metal.... . do a search for ""mold making tutorials"". most of what you will find will be for polymer clay or ceramics.. . leigh"
"the mason - or freemasons, which is the full name - isn't a religion, it's a ... society. a group. a group with spiritual and metaphysical belief in common, but there is no named supreme being, no specific belief you should adhere to in order to join - other than the belief in a ""supreme being."" it ha nothing at all to do with judaism."
they may have been tricked before and have a hard time believing what they see is real. ever heard of this? look can be deceiving.
roughly between 20 and 27 degrees.. dry and sunny or windy and rainy with or without thunderstorms.. dress in light layer and bring a waterproof!!. enjoy
sound like it low on free-on or how ever it spelled. best thing to do is call a repairman.
"why would you want one to? succubus are fictional creatures. and don't exist in real life. even if you could get one to visit you, it would only steal your soul for sex.. not a very good bargain."
"do you mean they are shy and introverted? the worst thing you can do to an introverted person is to drag them to a party. think small, like 2-3 at the beach or shopping. draw them out slowly and don't startle them with a large number of unknown people."
try and paint/draw that empty dead feeling. make it a tangible thing in your art.
"the whole reason your writing your report, is what i think. but thats in term of paragraph writing and essays. otherwise, i cannot help you."
"it wa invented long long ago by a cook who forgot the chocolate cream for the emperor in a cool place which wa used a a fridge then.the emperor asked for his chocolate cream but since anyone didn't bring him his favorite dessert he went to the kitchen to find it himself and when he tasted the frozen chocolate cream he liked it so much and named it ice cream.kings used to send their slave to get ice from the mountain so they could keep their dessert cool.they threatened that they would kill them if they tell anyone about the ""dessert of the gods"".. but the secret escaped like a snake from a mouse hole.. everyone found out about the most delicious treat ever.. so century passed and now we have the most delicious flavor we desire, but in the beginning there were only three flavors: vanilla,chocolate and strawberry."
"because there are still 3 week to the party, you have decided to cancel at an excellent and polite time. i think you either have the option of sending out a notification via mail or personally calling each of the guest to let them know."
"because this board would be filled with even more useless junk than it already is.. . if you want to thank them, leave a comment indicating such when you rate the answer."
"we mean to describe our action or the state in which perform actions, however, we might have a hidden agenda, with concealed meanings, giving our statement an infinite amount of interpretation and connotations. thus, analysing any statement whatsoever is pointless. including this one. especially this one."
"(m). . bpo or business process outsourcing refers to the increasing trend of relocating entire business function to either self-owned or third-party service providers, typically in low-cost locations."
and woman too. must be something in our dna. there is no one answer.
thats a good perception i never thought of it that way. but a for jesus being imperfect that could be considered true. because we were all born into sin (imperfection) and jesus being born of mary would also mean he wa born in imperfection
i enjoy it. reading the bible enriches me spiritually and intellectually.
why doe the needle have to be sterilized for a lethal injection???
because they don't rust. you don't want to drink from a rusty container right? ;-)
"janice hale, who is black and who wrote the book ""learning while black"" said that ""african american male do not like school"". is she seeing people in black?"
"fate, it wa bound to happen. or the law of murphy"
"get yourself a bio-cycle system or a worm pit. serious, they have them in oz. it's a pit of worm that process all of the junk (food, faeces) and put the left over clean fluid under the garden beds. the ultimate compost heap"
if you cannot translate what you say and share those prayer with others then it just random gibberish. most case of speaking in tongue are fake.
"similarity : they both have no bearing on true christianity. both are work of fiction. . difference : one wa written recently, one wa written a long time ago."
"there are car with steering whhel in the middle. the problem is to actually mount the steering column at the end of rack and pinion which in turn is connected to engine differential. so due to complication of transmission design, it will be to one side"
i always look at ebay for such things. you may find others selling the same thing and know exactly what it is. try the research function on ebay to search past auction that have already concluded.
"add up all your costs... your time, your money spent to make prints, framing, etc. if you had get a babysitter for your kids, that should be included. include your gas money, etc... anything that you spent in order to do your photography include in your expenses. now that you have all of that added up, this is your wholesale price... double it or triple it, and this is what you should sell your work for."
"here is a link to a site that list 29+ evidence of macro-evolution- rather than the more easily dismissed evidence of 'micro-evolution'.. . my favorite are the 'atavisms'- physical structure that had a use but no longer do, like the hind limb skeleton in whale or pelvis fragment in some snakes.. . suboptimal structure are interesting a well- physical structure that really don't work well like overcrowded human jaws, panda thumbs, flightless birds, and so forth.. . a lot of the stuff on the site take a decent understanding of biology- the site is not written 'down' very much."
"yes, i did not do the myspace thing for awhile and that is all everyone wa talking about for a long time so i finally broke down and got a account. almost everyone i know ha one if you use it the right way it can be a really cool place to keep in touch with family, friend and old people that you have not seen."
"1.khizar may mean green. 2.a man named khizar is named in history, he is immortal and lead alexander the great to the fountain of eternal life."
try sprinkle some alcohol to the stain. repeat if necessary.. then wash it like usual while the alcohol is still wet.. it worked for me.
for a budweiser! didn't you ever see the superbowl commercial last year? it proved it once and for all. that is the reason.
"if you think of what a pizza look like. it ha a crust and cheese and then they put the pepperoni on it..so now you see cheese and a space and then pepperoni..and the heat get to escape form the cheese into the air..the cooling effect of convection.... now the area with the pepperoni is hotter because the heat cannot escape a fast and the cheese stay a lot hotter under the pepperonis.... so now you all know the basic reason and not the scientific reason for the burning of the roof of your mouth from the pepperonis... be careful, because this phenomenon will happen again and again. good luck"
"for vitamin d, i feel milk lead the list, with 100 iu (international units) per cup.also,margarine is fortified with 20 iu per teaspoon.. vitamin e,could include food like spinach and peanuts.. for vitamin k, one could have kale, spinach again and also broccoli.. food that contain a high level of beta-carotene are carrots, pumpkin and sweet potatoes.. if you are still fussy about eating all these vegetable you could try having all kind of fruit a they provide your body with almost all kind of nutrient and vitamin in sufficient amounts.. have fun!!!and keep me informed."
"i feel, and you will find others that agree with me, that extramarital affair are morally bad, and they'll just screw you over in way you don't see until it's too late. in a way, marriage is a gamble- you made a commitment, so you better stick with it. if you were gonna have affairs, then you shouldn't have gotten married."
the square box is probably easier and cheaper to manufacture. . . it is also probably easier to store.
"co2 bubble are created in carbonated beverage at ""nucleation points"". sometimes nucleation point are just hard water deposit on the inside of the beer glass. if a beer glass is dimpled, then there is a larger probability that there will be nucleation point there.. . a an experiment, you can shake some granulated salt in to your beer and watch it explode with bubble since you supplied all those new nucleation point (salt granules)."
"in reference to god, it mean that he is the beginning and end of everything. from a to z, he ha it covered."
there is more meat in chili w/o beans. bean cost le than meat. it cost le to make chili with beans.
"the white infringed on their property (hunted/lived on their land), killed their buffalo (and fish, and other food sources), killed their family/friends/tribal members, stole their horses, and brought illness with them. can't say i'd be very fond of them, either."
"body language & speaking greatly affect group communication, assuming people are listening & being attentive to each other. it's amazing how much we nonverbally express to anyone all the time. even our word & the tone of voice we use affect what we are saying."
"wide hip can't be acquired, it's just something you have at birth.. . and it ha nothing to do with being fat, it's your bone structure."
"these line are the crease's that allow your hand to fold and close, without these your hand would not operate correctly. . any other reason stated for these lines, is pure codswallop."
maybe you chopped your finger off??? that would make me cry!
"take some tortilla chips, put them on a cookie sheet or pizza pan. cut up green onions, put onion on top of chips, some grated cheese, and chili if you like, and some salsa. place in the oven under the broiler till cheese is melted. you can also add jalapeno if you so like."
"it's a series of chemical reaction in the body and brain. these reaction are destined to influence our behavior, in a mean to help u survive in this world."
"sorry but you can't. i also get red when i drink, my doctor told me it is an alleric reaction to the alcohol and it will not kill you unless you drink way too much. just don't over apply makeup in the area you redden and it won't look worse."
"because thats the way their twisted mind work, u shud get used to it cuz i dont think theyll change!!!"
would you honestly want a friend who talked about you behind your back and just pretended to like you? i dont think so.... . just let her be...tell her what you feel and just let thing flow...dont retaliate a you will most likely make thing worse...be decent and dont let any bad crap affect you.... . good luck though!
"ashiq: a person who is very sexy, un believably sexy. too sexy for words. especially ashiq jamal. damn that guy sexy.."
"why exclude yourself from that question?. if we're idiot for answering questions, then there must be an equal and opposite reaction for those asking them, no?"
be confident that being yourself is the best way to create a good impression. don't put on an act - show some honesty and integrity about who you are.
"i will just give you a simple thought on it. they are always together - different aspect of the same thing. wherever space or time or being is, the other two are there a well."
"perhaps you recognize that there is more to life than what is considered ""normal"". that this is your mind way of saying something to you. maybe you need to listen closer to what you are thinking and not what you are expected to think."
"because of political difference with the official state church of rome, where most of the military worshiped, the mithra church, constantine designated the christian church a the official church of the roman empire, taking all the former religious leader off the state payroll. most converted of course, bringing with them their tradition (one god etc already in their religion) lamb of god, pointed rad hat on bishops, easter although christian did have resurrection, bible only speaks of passover. i guess the simplest way to say it is the bible wa the word of god to the best of the understanding of the people who read it, just a it is today."
"may i apologize for those who ""freak out""? may i also ask that we refrain from generalizations? i am a christian, and i do not think that god and evolution are mutually exclusive, and i do not ""freak out"" when approached in a respectful way, a you have done. please do not make decision on groups, but on individual instead."
"absolutely! i like to steam regular raisin when getting ready to bake with them....they plump up and are a great accent in cookies, breads, and other main or side dishes! :)"
"life evolves and develops.. it learns with each new generation what is good and bad for each species.. when you consider the kingdom, phylum, class order family genus specie scenario, there ha to be a stage that influence life and the force it grows and develops from.. we contribute to that by our action on ourselves, our community and those around us."
"sacramento, california u.s.a.. . currently: overcast, more rain in store...approximately 60 degrees. . s.s."
the church of england is anglican.. . in today society there are church called anglo-catholic or anglican catholic and various version that are part of the independent catholic movement. they are church that are not true to rome and form in simular manners.
"firstly, you don't download onto a blank cd.. secondly, how would you propose doing this?. it is illegal to rip from console game cds, and making duplicates."
"silver leaf on canvas is done by adhesive, you must first gesso your canvas and make it very smooth by sanding it, then apply the adhesive suggested by the manufacturer. i use spray adhesives....""super 77"" for example....but you can use glycerin adhesive or even a thin coating of elmers glue,..50/50.with water......the entire process can be altered to get an effect that you want. in the beginning of old master style of artwork, gold leaf wa used to make a reflective background, it reflected a warm light back through the final painting.......it wa used alot in religious art to convey a sense of ""holiness""....but silver leaf wa a later ""medium""....due to it's hardness compared to gold........it's hard to find real silver leaf today, mostly it is replaced with aluminum leaf.....the purpose of using silver leaf is the same a the gold leaf but it reflects back a seemingly cooler light..........if you are using silver leaf on top of your painting, i suggest that you use ""shelf covering""(clear) on top of your finished painting or the area you choose to silver leaf,...i use the shelf covering to mask out the area i want to leaf. i cut it out with an exacto knife and remove the area i want leafed, spray that area with adhesive and then remove the mask.......if you'd like to, e-mail me with your specific question and i'll help you out."
i do i wa brought in scotland. salt brings out the taste
you with all those curve and me with no brakes. you're so beautiful i wish i were cross-eyed so i could see you twice
"the inside filling is hard when they mold it to the chocolate. to make a long story short, they make the filling with the yellow party and white part around it. during the process the inside becomes creamy and that's how the yellow creamy part get inside the white creamy part. it's all about the consistency"
"i don't know if you are referring to the mentally ill, the severely mentally handicapped, or our elderly. if you are referring to the mentally ill or mentally handicapped, you might try researching dorothea dix, who worked tirelessly to improve condition for the mentally ill and mentally handicapped in the 19th century. before she and others working with her got involved, the mentally ill and mentally handicapped were often put in jail with criminals, and all kind of terrible thing happened to woman in institutions. you will probably come out thinking of her a a true heroine."
someone's had a party while their parent are away!. . strike a few matches...the carbon should take some of the smell away...and open all the windows!
well geriatrics is relating to disease and condition specific of the elderly isnt it? psychology is the study of behaviour in people (and sometimes animals) so a psychologist would look at what the effect of these condition are on the behaviour of the person who ha them. the first answer give some really good example of condition that would be of interest to psychologists. all the best!
"i live in fla, so i'll head to the beach, 85 dregrees, nice. make an italian dinner with red wine."
"it dextrose silly!. the guy who mad it apparantly wanted to be smart and named it after the nickame of dextrose (not matlose), which is the sugar used to flavor the tiny bits. back in the ol' day people called that kind of sugar grape suger and the called sucrose (normal sugar), table sugar . then, a the people at the kraft website said, they reminded him of eating nuts, so he named the cereal grape nuts, to emphasize that it wa supposed to be healthier for you since bothe nut and grape sugar where thought to be healthy at that time."
"if you like the taste of olive oil: a good rule of thumb is if you eat it without cooking, use olive oil. if you are cooking use vegetable oil or a mix."
"pakistan have it share of fools(fanatic people) who brain washed by secret agency to do these kind of terrorism.i believe that this blast is ordered by cia or raw.because to put pressure on our government and society.. i know islamist that they are simple people.they d'nt teach bomb making in madrasas.so these terrorist are trained by some agencies, (like osama bin laden wa trained by cia).the fact is an ordainary man can not get his hand on explosive that mean this blast plan wa well resoursed and well funded."
"the easter bunny ha it origin in pre-christian fertility lore. historically, the rabbit, hare, and egg in folklore have their basis a pagan fertility symbols, signifying spring and new life, and the worship of the goddess eostre or eastre (usually shown with the rabbit a her symbolic animal). to entertain a child, the goddess turned her favorite bird into a hare, which immediately laid colorful eggs.. . when the christian moved into the pagan's territories, they decided that the custom of coloring egg wa not harmful and adapted it to their own festivities."
"by money. the people with the most money usually have the most power and privilege a they can throw money at thing they want, whatever it may be. it doesn't matter what color they are. only the color of the money is important to most people."
"the color of your hair doesn't specifically make you dumb. people who dye their hair blonde *tend* to be more interested in their appearance than their intelligence, and that is why blonde people tend to seem a little le intelligent."
you are right. there are alot of people asking stupid question and when a real question appears they get ridiculous answers. i have over 350 point point and i am not going to ask stupid question just because i can.
"pope benedict ha denounced juda in his first easter sermon at st. peter's basilica.he said juda wa a greedy liar:""he evaluated jesus in term of power and success.love did'nt count"".. the 26-manuscript say juda wa singled out by jesus from the other apostle and entrusted with revealing his whereabouts to the romans.""you will exceed them all"" the papyrus quote jesus a saying,""for you will sacrifice the man that clothes me"".. islam say that the man in the cross is not jesus,but judas.jesus wa saved by the almighty and lifted to heaven.he will come back and bring back all people to the right path.this is what muslim all over the world beleive and accept.this is revealed in quran by almighty.. by the gospel of judas, jesus himself ha chosen juda to sacrifice a the man that cloth him.for the one who hang in cross is not jesus but judas.. the manuscript are kept at national geography society,washington.it wa written around ad300."
go to your e-mail and hit the grey sq. where your avatar should be and that will take you to the avatar home page an you can make yourself a new avatar.
"even though the roman knew they were the most powerful they also realised that culture like that of ancient greece were more sophisticated than theirs and instead of crushing them, they opted to incorporate them in their own and that's why greek and roman are quite similar. this way of integrating other culture into theirs wa applied to every other culture so a to obtain everything they could from other population within their same empire and that's why they didn't demolish stonehenge. i'm from malta and we have temple much similar to stonehenge (which are even older than egypt's pyramids) that the roman didn't demolish during their secular domination. to the contrary, they appreciated them."
"it's an amazing thing. when i quit smoking (that wasn't the easiest thing i've ever done in my life, but i did it--5 year now.) instead of sounding like a frog, i realized i actually had a voice and could sing. i just sing all over the place now."
this is so hilarious! both the question and the answer!
i do it instead of going to the trash every time. after im done cracking the egg i throw all the empty one in the trash at one time.
"mostly the same way becuase everyone who celebrates easter in celebrating a christian holiday. the only difference could be is food. but most people do about the same thing. boil eggs, color them, eat the, eat candy, get new clothes, dress up easter sunday, go to church, be with the family."
"the witch did not call up samuel by the power of trickery or satan; god brought samuel back to give saul a prediction regarding his fate, a message saul already knew. this in no way justifies effort to contact the dead or communicate with person or spirit from the past. god is against all such practices."
"refers to a contribution of service or item that an person / organization donates instead of a monetary sum, in order to help fund the project (ex. contributing a staff member's time)."
"the sun doesn't go out at night, the earth turn around. just like you are, if you face north, you wont be able to see south, and vice versa..."
"just keep on practicing everyday do sit ups, push ups, leg lifts, and back lifts. eventually you will get better in a week. i tried it, i could hold my leg up high now ,about like one minute."
i learned a thing or two on here. by the way i like the aztec calender.
he probably betrayed you because you cannot speak or spell in proper english.. . maybe he's embarrassed
"omega-3 fatty acid are polyunsaturated fatty acid found in oil from oily fish and vegetable source such a the seed of chia, perilla, flax, walnuts, purslane, lingonberry, seabuckthorn, and hemp. omega-3 fatty acid are classified a essential because they cannot be synthesized in the body; they must be obtained from food."
duh! so their hair doesn't get mussed up when the die!
you have to stop feeding then fruit.. . that's what i did and it worked
confusedius mean scallop(s). you may have transcribed it incorrectly.
"i like what jimmy stewart said in the film ""harvey"": ""in this life, you have to be oh, so smart, or oh so pleasant. for year i wa smart, and now i'm just pleasant. and i much prefer it."" isn't that lovely?"
they are shiite religious leaders. the shiite believe that they are perfect and take their opinion a if they were of god's messenger peace be upon him. the title ayatollah itself mean the sign of god in arabic.
"because up here in north carolina we just can't bring ourselves to forgive south carolina for that annoying ""south of the border"" attraction. you people should be ashamed of yourselves."
"the shengen treaty provides that all visa acquired in an eu country are shengen-type visas, allowing movement between all eu members. but it doesn’t apply to work permit if you are a non-eu citizen. the shengen treaty wa mostly designed for current eu citizens, it didn’t really take foreigner into special consideration. i wish there were a kind of shengen visa and i wish i had one!"
"i've never heard of it. but i can only assume that if it is religious programming, it got cancelled by the network."
"most educated people understand that the bible is neither a book of history or of science, it is a book that explains the why of creation and tell u the history of salvation. unfortunately there are many fundamentalist sect out there that insist on a literal interpretation of the bible, my question to them is always which account of creatin is true gen 1 or gen 2, they seem to contradict each other. answer is that both are because their purpose is to teach u that god created everything and that everything he created is good. also that human were created with free will and that sin entered the earth through man´s desire to be like god.. (this by the way is part of catholic teaching)"
being perceptive enough to see the most loving thing to do in a situation... . . ... and then actually doing it.
content is usually given on the packaging. check it out.
"to keep it fresh and also to hold the shape. braunsweiger in without casing would be like buying school glue in a plastic baggy, although some people do put glue in baggies although their intention are le than wholesome(and may lead to unconsciousness)."
"when i worked in the deli at the supermarket, we often prepared egg and kept them tightly covered in a tupperware container. they could be kept this way for two day and never got rubbery."
"south beach is only the southern part of miami beach. i would guess that people used to say south miami beach, but then it wa shortened to south beach."
"hi, i guess i can answer your question...(i'm from romania). ""happy easter"" in romanian is ""paste fericit!"". here is a tradition to say ""hristos a inviat!"" and the other person will answer ""adevarat ca a inviat!"""
are you sure it wa god that made it? or were you told?
"it easy... look in the mirror, and say 2 urself... i'm the sexiest person alive!(this is also wid reference 2 ur y am i alive question...)"
start a blog.. tell your friends.. ask them to tell friends.. contact your local media.
"if u were him will u do the same and leave him? surely not cuz u love him but he doesn't, i'm said to say this but it's truth and truth always hurts, hope u find someone better that make u forget him and especially make u happy.... why we don't find love? cuz we don't look for it it's incontrollable, so it come with no self action."
because muslim believe in the bible (the original one not the changed ones). and they believe that trinity wa introduce to christianity and it is not what god said because god doe not have any son and no share his lordship with him.. and i would like to add that muhammad grew up in a place where there is not chance that he meet or take from christian and jews.
i think therefore i am (or i think so). why no literal answers?
"allah mean god in islam - and in muslim belief, there were many prophet through which god passed down messages. the most recent of these wa mohammed, in the year 570ad, who is the most famous of the prophets. in islam, jesus christ is also looked upon a a prophet (a little known fact)"
think your first thought before you say your second then multiply by 2 and die becuase this is the most confusing question ever for no reason. if you think of something you are thinking of it therefore you are thinking it and solved your problem
it is getting a last-minute seat on a flight at a very reduced rate. see the website below for more info.
well 7-11 store often are target of armed thief who want to rob the store's cash register. these lock can be useful to the clerk because they can keep the bad guy from entering when they (the clerks) are on their meal break or the clerk can lock the door when they see someone suspicious so a to keep them out.
"to get the closest taste to grilling, use a foreman grill (or a cheaper knock off version) you can typically find these for 15 or le at the store in ga. i love mine. this is also a healthy way to eat because they drain the fat off a the food cooks."
probably. . . interesting to turn the question around - replace 'nice' with 'mean'?
"it keep thing interesting enough for a basically hedonistically inclined specie to continue working at it. . otherwise we would all just lay around, light up a doobie. and, like the beatles sing; "" watch the world go round & round..."""
"still, a in 'still here?"" <- 'encore ici?'. yet, a in 'not yet' <- 'pas encore'. more / again, a in 'more, please' <- 'encore, s'il vous plait'"
"i don't think that you can. you'll probably have to take a cab. what you could do to save some money is take the 450 to pontiac and take the cab from there, it would probably save you some money."
"im hindu and in my religion, swaminarayan, men put the red dot on a well not for fashion, but for religious purposes. there is also a red u around it that distinguishes it from women.. . also, in general the red dot is worn in religious ceremony and marriages= ritual at times."
"to enjoy life! no matter who or what (if anything) you believe is the creator or god or the universal mind, i think we are here to enjoy what ha been given to u and put in front of us."
"if you are trying to make one versus send one via e-mail, word ha a good program for making card and you can use the sentiment from one of the online card thingys. please don't sent a sympathy card via e-mail... it pretty tacky."
"many people do not understand prayer; a large majority of people pray selfishly, so, when they preceive their prayer not answered immediately they feel like ""god ha forsaken me"", or that prayer doe not work.. . personally, i beleive in the power and strength of prayer. however, i also understand god may not always give me what i want but always what i need.. . a a person who belief in the power of prayer, i included those who don't in my prayer with a hope that one day they will understand."
"l. ron hubbard invented it. i don't really understand what they teach. i wa trying to read about it last week, but i don't get it, here's there link."
"about a safe a any other computer.. . ie risk of rsi, eye strain, internet addiction, ebay addiction, bad posture, qwerty forehead etc etc"
you cant you have to by one. they have a special way to keep the chocolate flowing!
"his real name is mitt'hraw'nurodo, a ""rebel"" chi general who get thing done. you find out his real name, after being called 'thrawn' in the thrawn trilogy by timothy zahn. you find out his real name in outbound flight, also by tim zahn"
"there is a miracle is simply existing. there is no absence of miracles. there's a miracle each time a baby is born, whether it's in a good or bad situation, there's a miracle."
"look in the bible. specfically paul's letters. ""children obey your parents, wife obey your husbands, slave obey your masters."" if that's not misogyny, i don't know what is."
"science believer are nothing more then a cult. a cult is any group that ha a form of godliness, but doe not recognize jesus christ a the unique son of god.... one test of a cult is that it often doe not strictly teach that jesus is the only begotten son of god who himself is god manifested in the flesh.... christian-oriented cult include the church of jesus christ of latter-day saint or reorganized church of latter day saint (mormons), the worldwide church of god, christian science, unity, unitarianism, the way international, rosicrucian society of america, bahai, hare krishna, scientology, the unification church, and the jehovah's witnesses.. . we must spread the word of evangelical christianity to stop the demon from teaching science."
"point a water pistol at the 'squares', yell ""put your ice where i can use it!"" and watch them piddle a bit and slink into their glass receptacle obediently."
"the greatest gift i can receive is love. there's nothing greater in life than to love and be loved. any material thing is transient; love, while it may be be forever, certainly can last a lifetime."
"cereal is ""only"" $5.00 a box! you want everything?"
"in arabic the name 'lina' can mean noble or tender. if you are referring to it a a short form of the european name 'alina,' then it ha various meaning including bright, beautiful, or kind. in some european country by adding 'lina' to the end of a name, it turn it into a pet name/affectionate name."
"to ensure that everyone and especially have the minimum to live be it, shelter, food or financial assistance. people find themselves in all sort of dreadful situation for a variety of reasons, quite often the situation can be so overwhelming that the person can see a solution, trained social worker can clearly see option to assist people get back on their foot again."
well french is not my mother tongue and i learned it in my twenties. i feel in english and that is why it mean more to me a i can understnd every nuance. i will go so far though to say that sometimes something will be said or sung in french that just touch my soul.
"lime and salt doe not accentuate a great mexican beer, but ha great a long standing tradition among mexican people. it date back to the mexican revolution where in oaxaca the reveloutionaries had nothing left but lime and beer, to survive on until they took mexico city. . later people added salt to counter act the sourness of the lime."
"cook it for half of the reccomended baking time. check the cheesecake after that, and you might be able to judge how much longer it need to be cooked after that.. . if you're not sure how much longer it need to be cooked for, check it every 10 minute until it look like it's getting pretty close to done, then check it every 5."
the meaning of life is u and the living thing that surround us. the meaning of the universe is u and the living thing inside of it. the meaning of everything is all of it.
"it is a vestige of the old roman catholic practice of eating fish on sunday.. . that tradition originated a fasting, and then transformed to fasting from flesh and flesh products, and wa transformed by pope st. gregory to allow for fish, basically due to bribe from fishermen."
"up until modern times, woman were considered property and a marriage ceremony wa the closing of the deal.a marriage now should be between 2 people that love and respect each other.it is beneficial to society because it leaf a nice paper trail to trace your family tree. :)"
"when i fight dragon in my dreams, i can't kill them unless they have all four feet/claws/whatever on the ground, so maybe there's something to that. maybe not. go for the throat."
"at this point i think, for most of us, it's just having enough money to pay the bills, buy food and have a little bit extra to go do something once in a while. anything beyond that any more isn't realistic."
it really isn't meant to be the 'slow' lane. it's just meant to be there so that people can get off and on the highway.
another way is contacting the social security office and ask them for the records. they usually mail out this information every couple of years.
"dude,. i think the best would be to score the max in her subject... come on i am sure u r motivated to study atleast her subject.. ;) ;)"
it wa spoken about people who love money more than god. for them the money come between them and god. it's fine to have rich on earth a long a they are not your first love.
"nah they don't give land away, your probably thinking of the process where you can claim ownership of land that is unowned. a a general rule you get more for your money the further north you go."
"in 1564, france.. april 1st use to be the first day of the year according to the old calendar system. since the change they wanted to remember the day and make it a joke day."
"he ran around in a camel hair coat, eating wild honey and locusts, and yelling 'repent!!'. . you think this is normal behaviour????"
i wa 12 (many yr ago) when i took my first flight. i really enjoyed it then and still do. see if you can get a window seat...you will enjoy the view.
"smile, and walk away. that burn the person because they expected something completely different, like confrontation.don't give them that satisfaction."
"i don't know.. even in the wikpedia quote from the mishna rabbi akiva call it shir hashirim, and in other place it talk about the song of songs. . weird."
"i don't look at the paper, and i know when i'm done. your butt know when you're done because the paper is no longer sliding and becomes mildly abrasive.."
they are 2 different countries. mexico is in between south and north america. and india is in south asia. india is mainly hindu while mexico water make you ill.
our current field of study known a the humanity come from the appreciation of the studia humanitatis of the italian renaissance. in short the humanity are the subject that study human accomplishment.
the bunny wa considered by pre-christians a a symbol of spring due to it fertility. why the bunny ha eggs? no clue...
"the ""growling"" sound you hear is due to muscle contraction in the stomach. these contraction squeeze the air bubble inside the stomach and that is what cause the growling sound."
you need to apply for permanent resident visa first. that process from filling up form and gathering relevant proof document to getting the actual visa can take anywhere from a month to many months.
i don't believe any formal training is required. maybe you should try interning with one.
to help make the world a better place... and to save our souls. god is the light of the world.
go buy a tide stick! seriously! you wouldn't believe the stain i've gotten out of clothes with it!
cause they make it up a they go along thats why!!!
"the doctrine, belief, or principle of the supralapsarians. . the doctrine of the extreme calvinists, that the decree of god a regard the eternal salvation of some and the eternal reprobation of others is unconditional."
i'm not still in iraq.. i've never been in iraq.
first you need to accept the fact that you are depressed then just take it step by step. please dont take man-made drug for it.that wont help at all since they are so bad for you. try to find a natural alternative to deal with it so it dosent harm your body.
that is the color of light that the banana capture the best. all color is chosen by the light passing through and which bounce off of the object best
"i wa thinking the same thing today a i ordered a tim hortons medium coffee, and then rolled up the rim to win!!!"
"prayer step - acknowledge god a father of heaven and earth, respect his authorship a creator and of the bible, his ability to provide all needs, the only one who can forgive our sin a we forgive others, the one who lead u from temptations, delivers u from evil, and who is, was, and always will be. remember act - acknowledge, confess, thank - that's the easiest way to keep prayer in priority."
"hang out with other people. if they don't respect you, they don't deserve your respect."
"i wa diagnosed w/ adhd 4 year thru college lol. i found the best tool wa a pocket organizer/datebook, just write everything down in it, which i had never done before. that helped a lot."
"because they can't spell.... . i am very sorry that wa mean...people have a tendency to believe what they hear from a source that should be reliable(their preacher/priest) but many of these people do little actual research for themselves...for instance, the bible wa written in a context for a certain social climate, if you truly want to understand the meaning you have to understand the culture to which the word were addressing."
"a little more than that, because ice take more space than water. . . make sure you eat all the ice."
"the weather people make up thing , dont you know that???"
"it all depends on the concentrate to water ratio, no place will do this the same. also it depends on the water, softer water will taste sweeter where a hard water make it almost salty"
"you do not need to be humble,this is a ploy by weak minded people to get motivated people to stop making them look bad.the world ha changed so much especially in the u that a motivated person with talent is not liked for that reason alone set aside the fact that they mention it at all.people,mostly woman will say you are a show off or are bragging weather you are or not so i believe you should be your best and forget the humble crap or the next thing they will want is for you to be submissive,that's already started.most people have very little to offer i see it in there answer it all come down to jealousy excel rick,good luck!!!!!!!!!!!"
"the word agnostic is derived from the greek agnostos, meaning unknown or unknowable. an agnostic is one who is not committed to believing in either the existence or the nonexistence of god or a god."
"in america we are still a very puritanical society.there are still so many taboo that don't even bother the rest of the world, at least some , so nudity in the u. s. is still considered a turn on because it is taboo. personally i think a clothed person is more attractive , and i agree with you about personal style being more alluring. but some people like the naked body . i guess it's a matter of taste."
it is everywhere! check out an elevator sometime. american with disability act gone crazy!
"i don't mind the smell of fresh milk. but my stomach turn at the smell of soured or curdled milk ~ i would rather smell a skunk that sour milk.. . i think it is the combination of odour and the ""memory"" we have of being sick and the milk coming up the second time. just me though."
"take the cloning stamp tool and click on a bg area that is big enough and not very detailed. then use that to cover the person up. after you do this, you will probably have to do some smudging and blending with the bg to make it look real, but it's not very hard."
"i suppose the fastest way would be by eurostar train to paris, then a connection to rome, then transfer to brundism and a ferry to athens then a ferry to mykonos. but really, i think the expense would be more than taking a flight from london to athens and then ferry or connector to mykonos. lot of package deal from london a well."
"every single answer that ha been given and will be given is 100% absolutely correct...at least in that person own reality and view of their world a they see it.. . any answer given will be based on opinion and each opinion is shaped by personal experience, environment, education, religious or non-religious background, etc.. . you're going to be shelling out a lot of cash! ;-)"
"everyone ha their own respective view on spirituality and it should be viewed with compassion, respect, and acceptance. is that not what most religion state?. . i am not an atheist, but i think they are no more in need of prayer than a judgmental person is."
"bar mitzvah.. . yeah, you can't really go wrong with cash."
"chinese civilization is believed to have started in the northwest, around gansu/sha'anxi provinces. more specifically, in the yellow river area of the northwest. . #2 is correct"
"why not use an online service like paypal, which charge a very minimal amount.. . that would be a good alternative."
"dude ,i so know what you're talkin' about,idid that same stuff in the '60's.man i wa like sooo wasted and it kept goin out . but i'm sooo over that a long a i take my meds.oops got to go dude we're doin finger paint tonite after the simpsons...."
"manicotti and cannelloni are both large tube of pasta that are stuffed, sauced, and baked. manicotti is often stuffed with ricotta cheese and/or spinach. it is also covered in red sauce and sprinkled with some mozzarella cheese. cannelloni is usually stuffed with meats, veggies, cheeses, and covered in a bechamel sauce, which is a white sauce."
you may have a short somewhere. check your surge protector and the power cord for the tower. the power supply also could be going out.
rumi is ok i talked to her yesterday. she say hi
"a lot of time it tends to happen because they are surrounded by so many other people that also dont assimilate, that they form their own little community (often even complete with community grocery stores, jobs, etc) so that they arent forced to assimilate- it let them get by without doing it. if they move to an area where that doesnt exist, i think you tend to see them assimilate pretty fast."
"rationality ha never applied to religion a evidenced by the multitude of religion we have. cult are usually an example of brainwashing and threats.spirituality, which a lot of people confuse with religion has, in some area a rational base but, when you move into faith based subject of all the different religion you leave rational thought behind."
i agree. it is all because of medium . it is the only possible reason i can think of
"well, towards the end of the war guatemala declared war on germany. that wa april 23, 1918. the war ended in 1919. i am not sure if they sent any troop though."
get a job on a cruise ship.. . i am serious. they pay all your expense & feed you. all your salary & tip are yours to save.
my cat brought me a live bat from the balcony.. i petted him and said thank you and then let the poor bat back outside.
"isn't it from a vonnegut novel? it's a supercool ice which ""infects"" the water round it and freeze it instantly. so, if you want an ice rink, just fling a bit of ice 9 in your pool and you have an instant ice-rink. but what if it get to the sea and the whole world freezes?"
"that would depend on your definition of truth.. . from a mathematical point of view, logic can help you derive the truth by reasoning your way into verifiable conclusions.. . from a religious point of view, logic will not help you in any definitive way since truth in that sense come from faith, and faith cannot be reasoned. it requires a leap of faith to arrive at the truth."
"""the clerical collar is a fairly modern invention (the detachable collar itself is supposed to have been invented in 1827), although the ""collarino"" may date a far back a the 17th century. church of england's enquiry centre report (citing the glasgow herald of december 6, 1894) that the practice of anglican clergy wearing a detachable clerical collar wa invented by a rev dr donald mcleod1 and became more popular through the oxford movement."""
"admission for higher study and research in a particular discipline/branch. usually with financial assistance, guidance of scholars, research materials, accommodation for stay and study etc. provided to meritorious students."
"it's a term for those who sympathized with communism, but were not quite communist themselves. communism's color wa red for revolution, so a sympathizer wa pink--thus, ""pinko""."
this ques should in in religion category. just put it in ur mind and insha2allah ull do it.
"honestly, by slowly and gradually being exposed to them with someone you trust, and over time, increasing the exposure with the same trustworthy person there. finally, being exposed to it slowly by yourself, but having the trustworthy person available to you, even if just by phone, so you can immediately share your success with them.then one day you will overcome your fear alone, and tell the trusted friend a week or so later, realizing you can do it on your own.also realizing there are people who are there for you and care for you.most fears, especially phobia ,develop because we went through trauma alone, or so we thought ,and it overwhelmed us. realizing we're not alone a we go through trauma, make u much le afraid over time."
"the both graduated from west point, fought in the vera cruz campaign of the mexican-american war. both were extraordinary military generals, were both present at the surrender on april 9, 1865, at appomattox court house, virginia. they both went on to distinguished civilian career after the war-grant a secretary of war and president of the u.s., lee a president of washington college, virginia."
"not true.. but avocado mostly come from there.. btw, gauc is not made with cheese. i would like to take that credit...i am from wi, but we do not supply anything with that dip..."
art is the creative expression of what is inside of the heart. it's kind of like a snap shot of perspective from the point of view of the artist. that's why there is really no bab art. just different interpretation and point of view.
fix yourself a warm bath and put salt and vinegar in it ...then relax. although i've seen some folk get pickled with vodka.
"the two answer posted before me are nicely summing up zionism and nazism. zionism take it name from zion or sion, a holy mountain"
"christianity belief that jesus christ wa the messiah and that the new testement wa legite. islam believe that jesus wa only a prophet and that mohammed is the messiah and wrote the koran a his ""new testement""."
"i'm still looking! no, really, i have a wonderful girlfriend."
money is power in this world.. . and money is more imortant than moral to some.
are you asking how to price item on a menu? i guess you would determine how much it cost you to make the item and decide how much of a profit you want to make. you'd probably double or triple what it cost you to make it.
"well, the stoma ha two meanings. either deriving from plant or humans. a stoma for a plant is a minute epidermal pore in a leaf or stem through which gas and water vapor can pass. a stoma in the human body is a mouth or mouthlike opening (especially one created by surgery on the surface of the body to create an opening to an internal organ)"
"i'd go with a lot of quilts, lace, pastel ice blue colors, milk glass, and country antiques. country living magazine should have some great ideas."
"no, it is a sixty-fourth note. a quaver is an eighth note, so semi is 16th, demi-semi is 32nd, and h.d.s.q. is 64th note."
"seven veil or a caul? the veil would indicate an alignment with the 7 ruling planet ( very uncommon) or a caul, delivery of a baby with the unbroken amniotic sac still in place over the face. this allows for unbroken sight in this world."
do you mean martyrdom a in hitler martyred the jew or martyrdom a in let me blow myself up for god? if you mean the second only muslim believe that
"""worldview"" is a fancy word that mean ""biases and preconceptions"".. . you filter all your experience through your bias and preconcpetions. this is why it's so hard to change someone's basic perspective."
i saw this on my recent trip to russia. no one can seem to verify what it is - only that it wa for this summer only. were you able to find out what it wa - or what it tasted like?
"because the olestra caused gastrointestinal problem and diarehha - somewhat like the effect of maltitol, a substance used in certain food to create a taste of sweetness. it also cause the same effects."
where are you travelling from?. . i flew from la to auckland non-stop...
most christian denomination differ on minor issues. the real christian church agree that the only way to go to heaven is by having a personal relationship with jesus christ our lord and savior. all of these other difference are meaningless and i look forward to the day when god brings u all together so that we can glorify him a one body of believers.
"i would like to say it is improving, but reality is gasoline price are killing us. the good news is the free trade treaty with the usa is very close to approval so the textile and exportation industry are bound to improve. also, our crappy president (abel pacheco de la espriella) is ending it period and a new guy (oscar aria sanchez) is coming in. he is not really new, he is an ex-president (1986-1990) who is also the only costarican noble peace prize winner."
payscale. ghost get extra hazard pay depending on the house they haunt. spirit however get better dental.
"if you suffer from social phobia, you probably get really nervous before speaking in front of strangers. you might get really uptight walking in a busy mall or become short of breath. you probably dislike walmart and other really busy store and find you do your shopping in smaller, le busy places."
"change just mean that something becomes different than it was. change can be progress, but doesnt have to be."
rose is not a symbol of prophet mohammed (peace and blessing of allah be upon him). you might have misunderstood or somebody gave you incorrect information.
"click on ""home"" and scroll to the bottom where it says, ""pick the best answer. vote on undecided questions"""
"consider it a form of flattery, and just try to be nice. if the person is mean and hateful, just try to keep your distance and always take the higher road."
"it's not a question of accurate - that's why historian still have a job. a long a history is read a an interpretation, it's not 'accurate' or 'inaccurate', it's just someone's version of an event."
"if you are looking for thai music, get a thai person to look in a thai newspaper.. tewan daeng at klong tan in bkk ha good thai rock/country music nightly... major foreign concert will be advertised in bkk post or tv etc.. but the thai music can be lot of fun!!"
"what exactly do you mean ""expand""? do you mean grow in numbers? that is because so many people find the answer to life's most important question within the gospel of jesus christ."
i'd have to say legalos 'cuz he wa second fiddle but didn't mind. he had a great attitude & i loved the competitive spirit he had.
well i love to dance.i also have a dance group. it is hard to make up a dance yourself but the best thing to do is get someone that you can share idea together then work from there. also find a song that you can dance off the word that might be easiler.
the place of orgin for flan is spain. i dont know when or how it wa invented but i don know it originated in spain.
"christian believe god had jesus suffer in the place of all sinner when he died on the cross. that is why they say that if you believe, you will be ""saved"". you are saved from having to suffer in hell for your sins, jesus' death ha paid for that already and you get to go to heaven."
beacuse the way light is reflecting off water in the air. thats why you see them after it rain
"just about anyone who can string a sentence together & not say thing like: ""i admire muh boo tyree..dats it"" . what doe that mean...?"
"anatomy is destiny. basically, if you're male you're destined to marry and be a father. if you're female, then you're destined to marry and be a mother."
"nonsmoker have some serious issue with ""control"" when they start talking about not smoking outside. just walk around the smoker huddled next to the ash can, it's really not that difficult. if he's not huddled next to the ash can do that silly fake cough thing, that will show him. sigh."
"i also have twin son and get asked if they are twin all the time. no idea why...another thing that drive me nut is when they say, ""you really have your hand full, don't you..."" no s**t sherlock!"
"god made sex a sacred thing meant to be only for married couples, plus i hear that it's better when you're married. no pressure or worry about baby or anything else you might not be ready for..."
"edit: first link - read 2 and 5 if you dare. i won't try copying that here.. . second and third link might be closer to what he meant, though."
"if the rhubarb is smaller and doe not have a lot of string you can just scrub it really hard but if it is tougher and bigger, peel it. to see which is better for your rhubarb, slice a bit off and see if you can peel the skin or if it leaf a little flap behind. it will soften up when you cook it but if it is really stringy or ha tough skin, it will be nasty even after it's cooked!"
:}. that's easy ive accomplished it. and i'm proud of it.
dame fortune is just another name for lady luck. (dame is latin for woman.) the ancient personified luck a a goddess dame fortuna. saying child born on feb. 29th are favored by dame fortune is another way of they'll have good fortune in life.
bake it at 350 degree and take it out of the oven in 35 minutes. you over cooked it for one and probably whipped the egg too long.
people are predisposed to like sweet food better. people liking it better mean it's more likely to sell. it's a cheap and easy way to make more people like the food you're selling. that drive company (who produce most of our food these days) to add sweetness to everything.
"in the 16th century, the french were impressed by the silk scarf that the croatian army member were wearing around their neck in order to be protected from cold. they adopted it into their noble clothing first. then the common started to use it a a fashion symbol. the necktie is called crovatte in french ( excuse the spelling..) which mean croatian."
"just say ""i had a wonderful time and the food wa excellent, but i have a very early morning tomorrow.thank you for inviting me!""and make for the door."
"i think that a lot of people think that they know something, but don't. gi joe cartoon: knowing is half the battle.. they stupid one admit they don't know usually. the one that don't know usually know just enough to be dangerous."
they don't look you in the eye and their story just doesn't. fit with the facts.
"good question. all i see woman do when they're having their period is sit around, drink wine and bitch about everything."
"so that the light that the master revealed during this day, can be taken forward.. . it a remembrance, a tradition, to remember that light, after all is within ourselves."
"that way they hope to hide any bugs, hair, or anything else gross in the food!! haha or could it be to make things. ""romantic"" ???? :+)"
"we live because membrane evolved into complex cells, and amino acid evolved into complex structure inside the cells, and this weird combination of element accidentally found a way to consume stuff, discard stuff, and then create a new one of itself before it break down and dies.. . we die because the human cell only ha a certain number of time that it can replicate without starting the path to breaking down.. . there's no other reason. it just happened because it could."
actually it is a cesspool and it is where sewage waste is sent. or it mean generically a place of filth.
that's like asking why sex isn't satisfying unless the penis go all the way in. . . what's with that first guy?
why do you ask such general questions? are you saying all mexican are mistreated in california? hmmmmm. i highly doubt that.
i would say you mean organized religion v something you believe. i would say organized religion is what creates our culture and what you believe shape it. sometimes other religion go to the extreme but usually if the religion is your you either except it or you create your own
"sound kinda like a scottish sex act to me. . i.e. "" aye, i've just gotten a bonnie dugan from the mactavish widow """
"i got this from a maine lobsterman. while cooking it, pick it up by the antenna. when it breaks, it's done."
"i have no idea, but i am so, so sorry it happened. i can't understand at all why someone would do that!"
marriage is awesome. it feel great to have someone that you can depend on and know is there.
"your local license bureau a well a any government agency/courthouse, will have information a to how to obtain your passport, and probably have the form for you to take home and fill out. you can get your photo taken at any walgreen's, kinko's. this can take up to eight week for normal process, so don't leave it for the last minute. there are agency who can expedite this for you-it'll cost you about $200 or so."
it mean everything is given to you and your family is rich and spoil you. i don't mean you specifically. it just random.
"no his not he wa one cool character unfortunately no one under stand what pressure he wa under, people of today forget what it wa like to hunt for your own food and protect the one that you love and besides drinking the blood of his enemy who really give a flying f**k. i mean when you kill an animal you eat it liver right so what is the problem.. . viva vlad the dracul (the black dragon) long live his bloodthirsty history like the one and only lady bathory"
metabolism of the body is to burn up the glukos and make carbon dioxide and energy....in order to burn any thing oxigen is necessary..so u cant live without oxigen cause if u dont breathe for a while carbon dioxide and water in ur blood make acid that will decrease the ph of ur blood and tha time u will go to coma!!
baptism is the acceptance of christ.. . 1) baptism by the holy spirit occurs when you have received christ into your heart.. . 2) baptism by water is an outward expression that you trust jesus christ to redeem your soul after you die.
"the idea of intelligent design is considered to be the antithesis to the idea of random design. it is the idea that somewhere and somehow there is a design to all of this. intelligent design doe not seek to answer question about the identity of the designer(s) ... a hey .. after all, that might be religion. :)"
"ghetto is something people refer to when something appears to look cheap, broken down or worn. technically ghetto is a noun which mean an area of a neighborhood that is poor, run down, or ha poor community and housing development. nowadays people use it a an adjective to describe something a ugly, tacky, inappropriate..etc."
it come from their food. it's a nutrient called astaxanthin that is present in krill and stuff that they eat.
"it's a matter of the question being 'easy to answer' -- when you say nothing, all the answerer ha to do is be a smart-alec or rude or say nothing. they don't actually have to know anything at all. people who are in this just for the point tend to do this pretty frequently.. . it is irritating that the good question don't get a many answer a the 'bad' questions, but i guess there's really nothing we can do about it."
"i guess it's because the fact that we're a specie of animal, related to all other living organism by common descent, show what a nonsense the idea of a creator god is. hence those who have an emotional investment in being some kind of special creation may prefer to deny evolution rather than accept the truth."
"if they are traveling, try posting on a walkabout notice board.or ask other traveler to do it for you. if you know the area/address where you think they are, try conatct a hotel near-by they might help you by sending someone round to them. i have done the same in thailand when they had no phone. it worked ok,"
"ouch...that is tough. your hubby obviously took what her dying husband asked him to do to heart. seems to me his wife's feeling should come first though. tell him how he is hurting you...tell her to grow up and take care of herself,and to leave your family alone."
"environmental justice is the fair treatment and meaningful involvement of all people regardless of race, color, national origin, or income with respect to the development, implementation, and enforcement of environmental laws, regulations, and policies. epa ha this goal for all community and person across this nation. it will be achieved when everyone enjoys the same degree of protection from environmental and health hazard and equal access to the decision-making process to have a healthy environment in which to live, learn, and work."
"the trinity knot is the symbol of the pagan unity among the celtic tribe that is the knot in it. and the three point of it is the mother, maiden, and crone."
"the band decided to split after elton john suggested that their popularity wa decreasing and that they should concentrate on their solo careers. they did so after releasing their best of blue greatest hit compilation in 2004, which contained a few new track such a ""curtain falls"", ""get down on it"" and ""only word i know""."
"what kinda chicken do you eat?!!! lol, just kiddin'. i think it the vein or the artery of the chicken. you don't find blood because it is dried out of the chicken when it is processed."
"one ha to say anti jinx before the other. and, then jinx again. double jinx will seal the deal if done quick enough."
"here are 17, please sort them by highest rated, so you will see them according to the voting a to which is best.. . please join, and submit your own recipes, i have.. . the main site ha over 156,000 recipes."
well i guess it depends on a lot of things. right now i'm helping about 60 people i've never met get a program off their computer that downloads itslef then demand payment.. . i do voluntary rescue work so on that basis it's fair to say that i put my life on the line for complete strangers.. . that wasn't freaky wa it?
"para mean subsidiary or assistant (from the greek beside, alongside).. . thus, a paramedic is a subsidiary or assistant type of medical professional.. . this is the same usage a in paralegal (which can also be called legal assistant), paraprofessional and parakeet.. . just kidding about the parakeet."
hmm. maybe they are filled with too much artificial stuff.
"moral went out with ""respect your elders"". that is now a joke to youngsters."
"hello,. well i know of some exercise that can help you..my dad is an athletic trainer and ha a degree in sport medicine and their are many way that can help make an ankle stronger....wrap a rubber band around the bottom of the foot...you can find these workout band at walmart or any other sport stores. take the rubber band and hold it tight in your hand wrap it around the heel of your foot then rotate it 20 time in three sets..rotate it 20 to the left 20 to right and 20 back and fourth i know it seems tedious but the resistance the rubber band give will make make ur ankle stronger and stable..another trick is balance on ur right foot and have someone toss a tennis ball at you and u have to balance anf catch while only staying on the right foot..the balance will help keep ur foot strong..good luck"
"battle fatigue, or shell-shock, wa not recognised during the fist world war.it wa classified a ""lack of moral fibre"". many men suffering from this syndrome were shot a ""cowards"" or branded a malingerer and sent back to the front line, often being forced to be in the leading wave of an attack in order to prove their courage.. thing had changed little by world war 2, and general george patton wa famously accused, during the winter campaign in the ardennes (1944) of slapping a soldier on his head for showing sign of battle fatigue, which patton viewed a cowardice.patton wa ordered to apologise publicly after a newspaper campaign in the united states."
"get your ya-ya's out wa the final album of the rolling stones' decca contract.. . it's meaning in slang is similar to "" raise a ruckus"" ""cause some trouble"" ""blow off some steam"", etc."
"had a big dinner, and then a easter egg hunt. thanks for the nice question. : ) how wa your easter?"
"the word holy mean to set apart, to be used for god.. the water is blessed by a priest then to be used for something to glorify god.. there is no reference in the bible to this it is a common practice of the catholic.. but anointing oil is in the bible."
"much like amish and tobacco, they do raise that a a cash crop. not an amish expert but it is my understanding that amish young men are given a year to be 'worldly' before making a 'final' commitment to the order. lot of experimentation into the 'worldly' way occurs during this time frame,,,,,,and sitting on a bar stool take up much of that time."
they might get mistaken for a cow and get roped into doing something they'd rather not. ;)
"he's making sure you're old enough to drink, not drive. which i pray you are not if you are asking this question. here's a better one - y can you give your life for this country and vote for the president at 18- but not drink until you're 21?"
it mean to be truthful and sincere. it also mean to be yourself and don't try to be fake or put on a show for anyone.
good question. many palestinian had all of their wealth and land taken away when the the land wa given to israel. many are still alive and their child also carry the resentment with them. there are good people on both side but there life have been forever altered.
"coke taste like pepsi.. . . . and if you mean slang ""coke"" it ha no taste."
i wa wondering the same thing. get rather tiresome wading through all the stupid garbage. there's always some in any crowd trying to ruin a good thing for others.....
tuna is good for helping the salad stick together. if you don't like tuna than maybe you should put le mayo in it. or allow for the noodle to sit for a minute after you frain them. that will allow for the excess water to drain out or evaporate so that you can have noodle that will most likely stick to the mayo.
"there are plenty of ad without woman in them. but a lot of ad company use picture of woman because, well, sex sells."
"egypt had many empire over it's 30+ dynasties. it grew and shrank over some 3,000 years.. alexander the great annexed egypt, during a long low ebb, which brought it into the greek world, but it remained a powerful separate state for some 300 year after his death. the roman integrated egypt into their empire during the time of cleopatra, a descendant of ptolemy (one of alexander's generals)."
"you are correct that there is a double standard. the code of the american flag dictate that it should never be flown in incliment weather, and should be always lit at night among other ""rules"".. . imo people put too much emphasis on the flag. a you point out it is only a symbol of our country."
haven't got a clue-- just another fine example of the english language making no sense. it's no wonder that people who emigrate here have such a difficult time-- the language just doesn't have much of a logical basis!
"because that would be racist. it okay to have an african american miss america, but not a white miss america. it just the way our society is. my father ha been bringing that same question up for years."
"growing up with my mother and four sisters, we never once discussed our cycles, or where baby came from, or menapause.. . we do now. in fact, it all we talk about. lol."
"to make lampoilman's answer a little clearer--every element in our body heavier than hydrogen, helium and lithium wa made by star now long gone. every element heavier than iron wa made by the explosion of ancient massive stars. a the cliche goes, we are literally star dust. for details, follow his suggestion."
"the photographic moment of a man achieving orgasm.. it's a staple in pornographic movie and/or photo because it ""proves"" that the couple (or man) engaged in a sexual act."
"with an area of more than a million sqkm, you need to be more specific about the place you are asking about! and also the day of the year will change this information.. . however considering lima a an example, for today the daylight hour would be from 6:13 am to 6:05 pm local time."
"a long held tradition...evenfrom greek times...to leave no comrade behind...it stem from the greek belief to retrieve all countrymen, so they could not be defiled by the enemy.. . your body needed to be in complete form in order for you to travell to the afterlife...enemies of greece knew this belief and would chop the greek sooldiers boy into pieces."
he wa the first person to use the work of louis pasteur(he showed that rotting and fermentation could occur without any oxygen if micro-organism were present) a a way to clean up the dirty hosptial wards. at that time washinmg your hand before cleaning a wound wa uncommon. he used phenol a a way to kill the bacteria from the cuts. hospital became cleaner and cleaner a a result.
"of course when my child and grandchild were born. one of the greatest moment wa watching my grandson being born. his little head would come out and go back in. could there be anything better, except for christian experiences."
"coca-cola (and i know 7-up and probably many other soft drink manufacturers) allow the country that produce the soft drink to use whatever sweetener they like. in the usa, company use corn syrup because it is cheap here. in mexico, pure sugar is cheapest. if you read the ingredient label on coke bottle from other countries, then you will see that this is true."
"i recommend you go to a basketball game, there are so many people ther who have big feet, you are soooooo much likelier to be able to catch one. the best way to catch one is to put on the kit and jump onto the court, rugby tackle one onto the ground-they would never expect rugby move on the court....its so easy."
"search the web. it is the name of a company, a city in australia, etc."
yerm lunar calendar. a simple rule-based lunar calendar that follows the moon phase about a closely a any such calendar can.
"it's an antiquated upper-class expression, used a a salutation - usually on departure e.g. ""well, pip pip, old chap!"" another variant used in the same circumstance would be ""toodle pip"""
"first, encase it a semi-permeable liquid membrane. next, blast 340l of solid hydrogen at it while the strainer is heated to approximately 157~163 degree celsius. then electrify it. rinse, repeat."
pour hot water into flour. stir for a few sec and that's it.
intelligence is god given because nobody else in my family graduated from a university at sixteen like my sister did. and it's not acquired either because she read at nine months. some people got it and some have to work at it.
"put a straw across your mouth (or a pencil or a chopstick, etc.) and drink a glass of water."
"he led the ""second"" or ""october"" russian revolution of 1917 that ousted the ""provisional government"" which seceded the czar. he succeeded by promising the russian people what they wanted: peace, land, and bread. his heir, stalin, gave them the true fruit of ""leninism"" (class war, collectivization, and starvation)."
"read about willie lynch's preaching on how to keep black under slavery for several hundred years, causing them to procreate slowly, causing the role of the male and female to be reversed in black culture, leading to the death, and destruction of the minority culture in america. then you will see why."
"hold it in longer, and work on your diaphragm control. drink more fizzy drinks, too."
"built in to *most* local code is a provision to keep a person... from buying up all the land around another piece of land, and then keeping the person from getting to their own land.. . if your neighbor ha a piece of land that is logical and practical to have to allow you access across to get to your land... the court can compel them to grant it.. . i suggest you ""make it legal"" even if you have a good relationship with the neighbor. i've been involved in a few of these."
"the word pagan cover many belief paths. i dont think that the word ha perjorative connotations. paganism cover wiccan (which is a fairly new belief system form around 1940's) to druidism and others inbetween. i dont quite understand the 'call yourself whatever the traditional people practising your religion call themselves'...the 'traditional' people, my ancestor were celts, i am a celt, and there were and are many faith system that celt belong to."
"some claim lung cancer, but heart failure is probably the real cause. i don't know if alcohol contributed to his death. he wa 58 when he died. he helped assimilate eastern thought( zen buddhism) into western philosophy."
with a large piping tube and a smaller one for the ties.. the direction are in the wilton book
"you can grown pretty much anything indoors if you take care of it properly. personally, i tend to kill plants, but my father ha had great success with quite a few different herbs. cilantro, parsley, dill, basil, and quite a few others. if you have anything in particular you'd like to grow, the best bet would be to check out the specific of growing that plant in your area, and the difference between growing it inside instead of out."
"why aren't your parent doing anything about it!!!, if some punk bashed my door, let me tell you that it wouldn't be too long before he would be there fixing it!!!"
"adolph hitler, leader of the nazi party in germany, became chancellor under president von hindenberg in 1933, and began his official reign of terror against the jews, and many other group of people. when von hindenberg died, hitler assumed the presidency also, and became the sole ruler of germany. soon after, he ordered implementation of the final solution, which meant murdering every jew he could get his hand on."
"absolutely. but i don't think that you can measure one against the other. for example, my 3 kid are differently intelligent. one ha a clear advantage over the other 2 in raw logic and problem solving capability, but another tends to appear smarter because she is better at observing and learning from the action of people around her."
it's a hip-hop move.....it's best to learn it with sock on your kitchen floor. to do the normal version on the right press up to your ball of your foot/releve(ballet people) and glide your left foot across the floor with very little weight on it then transfer most of your weight (not all) onto your left foot a you press up slightly then slide your right foot along the ground to meet your left foot. just be careful not to flip your foot sideways but keep it horizontal to the ground. a you get it faster and repeat a couple time in a row it'll start to look like your on ice or 'floating' a some people say.
"i agree. some people are mean because they have low self esteem and they are trying to make themselves feel better by putting someone else down. i agree with you, it's not nice, but we can just be nice to them and they will have nothing to be mean to you about!"
why not let them make their own. it not hard at all.
f . u . c . k im good just ask me
"it can, but only at very, very low temperatures. liquor is made of ethanol, which freeze at -114°c."
"cheese custard something.. . i think it's egg scrambled with milk, flour, butter, and grated (parmesan) cheese, which is then baked in the oven and served with a savory topping of your choice, e.g. fresh tomatoes, chopped and pan fried with fresh basil."
"human right is a rule that allow you to be in a state of balance with you own person and keep your integrity safe in that way you can grew up intelectual, artistic and safe in life or if you don't want to advance in those level you will still enjoying of inner sense of peace and security wherever you are or going because nobody will disturb you.. . a human right is more about our phisical and mental health.. human right are totally importnat is the priority in a person that permit to became social, belong to group create families, friends,clubs all kind of human organization that have a common goal is important to belong to something while you are alive in other way human suffer of social problems.. human right start in the family foundation, with rule that are called parent respect and sibilings also manner and ethic points.. the school is the second part of this matter after a while a people experience situation and observe the enviroment new rule appear.. the final result depend of how many element of instruction the individual might have like social, ethic, moral, and also the religion, intelectual elements, and ideologisms.. those elemnts came in many degree of development in each individual but if some one lack of one of those the person will be in an state of un balance and for sure will be easy to break the well being of others that are close to them.. and in order to function well in a society we a a human being must to fill a patron of behavior that will make u to live and to respect our surrouders.. so if some person break those rule or right is when many problem appear and they came in several size since a little argument in home manifestations, until world wars."
a duck ha to stay lean so it can fly. a chicken doe not.
menopause of course. wouldn't hot flash make you crazy.
do something with your life!!!!!!!!!! don't just sit on your butt and expect to be popular. help the world out a bit will ya.
"because you know that at work, people judge you for the job you do. the ""liking"" come second. if you do a poor job, you aren't a popular. in a social situation, the only thing people judge you on is you."
"smell play alot in relationship believe it or not! some people get attracted to others due to their scent, but they dont notice it. and we tend to have the exact same belief we grew up with or completly diffrent a you are used to them ways, or you chose (subconiously) to believe the thing furthest from your parent beliefs."
don't know but it not limited not humans. many time i have cat and dog slip and fall and look around to see who saw it.
"yogurt originated in china, through storage, and preservation, gelatin is used to stabilize yogurt, gelatin is a form of animal fat and kosher mean either not made of pig, or not having meat and milk mixed, so now that we know that commercial yogurt contains both milk and meat, than our only conclusion is that the gelatin is not of pig. that doesn't mean it a jewish food. the term ""kosher"" is one of the many term that our jewish sibling have donated to our vast dictionary of american english. the term can mean pure or clean a well a how food is prepared."
some people smile when they are nervous or when they don't want people to know how they're really feeling inside. maybe you smile rather than show that someone ha really pissed you off. smiling might make them think that what they say or do really ha no effect on you.
"some people believe that we strive for self-actualisation thoughout our life a it is a motivator to carry on. really, you can become self-actualised once you achieve your ultimate goal on an individual task basis, an example being, rising to the top managerial rank of your company or gaining your phd. but in other areas, you may still be striving."
"it is a question that is asked without expecting an answer. often, it is sarcastic in nature, and it is intended that the answer is obvious, and therefore is not needed.. for example: ""did that guy get his driver license from a cracker jack box?"""
when i wa an art student i regulary had contextural study which examined theme for example one week we might be looking at dada and surealism and seeing how dada especialy fitted into the post ww1 society and how it gave way to surrealism ( for example ) . . basicaly it is examining the history of your art in the context of the society at the time.
i made a number 6 with my hand and kept doing circle with my leg. am i broken? doe this mean i have cancer or something.
you can start by putting your name out a a singer for revival and gospel gathering for special events. also tune into local christian radio station and listen for contests. sometimes if you win a contest you get a cd made for free.
contact a local realtor to find an area that is suitable and close to where you are going to work. traffic is no fun.
chana or chana dal is a bean that come from india known and cultivated over the years. japan is a country medival or not. the only similarity between chan and japan is they fall in asian region.
some people are biologically programmed to be more proned to laziness. you could be one of them.
the muscle used during the contraction for the sneeze are all energized at the same time. on the other hand if you sneeze normaly on your own you can blow your nose and keep your eye open. if you try to stop a sneeze from happening you will often get a contraction pain in your chest.
not necessarily true. south indian are tough.. punjabi do make up majority of the army though.
a young man or boy who is full of spirit and very fun-loving. a slightly naughty boy. smart aleck.
to live life. that is the only meaning and the only reason to live.
"everything we may try to do is useless unless we are doing what jesus want u to be doing. we can try a hard a we want at something, but if it's not what jesus wants, he can see to it that our work ammounts to nothing. but if we are asking him for guidance and truly want to do what he desires, he will make sure that our work ha a lasting impact, often beyond what we can even imagine."
"sympathy is when you feel sorry for someone, but you might not have been through the same thing.. . empathy is when you feel for someone because you've been through the same thing, or at least know what it's like."
"sinlessness in thought, word, and deed. (i.e. ...resemblence of christ himself)"
"the 1960's. it wa a very exciting time. social change and political upheaval! i would've liked to be a hippie, minus the drugs."
"ajvar the serbian or balkan region dish? it a mixture of red pepper/pimiento's with garlic, eggplant and seasonings, roasted and blended. it's really good and taste great on bread or with sausage."
"i believe that it is because they are preaching at you, and not really teaching you. they try and put the fear of god in you, not the love of heavenly father and jesus christ."
"like most dictators, he had no intention of actually living to see his ""master race"" come to fruition. blonde hair and blue eye were common in pure germans, and hitler believed germans, or aryans, to be superior to everyone else. anyway, i'm pretty sure that he did not see himself a part of his master race, but instead it facilitator."
"who cares. the real fun is when you unwrap half a dozen ""fun sized"" baby ruth candy bar and throw them into a swimming pool."
"sometimes everyone is so afraid of being rejected by the ""beautiful girls"" that no-one asks them out, and so of course they get lonely. then when an ""ugly"" guy asks one out, she's so flattered she say yes. and if he's a nice guy, she won't care if he look like a fire hydrant."
"it's hard to predict. generally you don't need winter clothes but you may need a warm jacket for the evenings. lately it's been very hot in the days, like 25 degress celcius, so bring summer clothes with a pair of pant and a jacket for the evenings."
"well, francis_vandyke, i believe that if someone invented an instant water that they would use instant hydrogen twice and instant oxygen once.. i just know that this is the anwer that you were looking for. jose"
"non denominational mean it not a certain form of christianity. catholic are a specific form of christianity- it the most different from other form which are known a protstants, and under protstants there are many more forms, such a presbyterian, which is what i am."
"marijuana wa the drug of choice for the poor man, so the aristocracy outlawed it to punish the working class and force them to buy the alcohol and tobacco controlled by the wealthy. marijuana is probably the easiest thing to grow. study after study wa done to show that marijuana ha le bizarre effect than tobacco and alcohol, but it is not a politically correct cause to champion, lest you wish to be called a druggie."
it's not completely west...so it's 'mid' west. otherwise it's called that becuase it is midway to the west.
you are to wear white in the summer so that is after memorial day and you stop on labor day.. . otherwise you need to wear off white or winter white.
"have a happy marrige . have kid that love you, and a wife too. and if you do that you well be a very rich man"
"it's an unfertilized egg so it hasn't produced any of the proteins, muscle tissue which contributes to the taste of a chicken. a fertilized egg, on the other hand (baloot, i think it's called,) is a delicacy in the philippine and i imagine that would have more of a ""chicken taste""."
whooping cough is an infectious disease caused by a bacterium. if i remember correctly it is called clostridium pertusis.
"do a the others suggested. but, if you want to kick them up a bit, roll in crushed oreos, m&m's, mini peanut butter cups, drizzle with melted milk, dark, and white chocolate, etc. get creative."
a snack is what is eaten between sit down meals. food is eaten at a sit down meal. we have three meal a day snack between
this is a retail chain in south africa. it mean from 7:00 am to 11:00 pm
"well dav5ter, i do believe that some one came up suddenly behind you and could not complete your question.. it would seem that you were trying to ask, ""why thank u-ncle sam?"". the reason is a plain a day, you are free to enjoy an education, to pray in your church, and to play at the beach when you may feel like doing so if your parent haven't grounded you yet. jose"
"at a guess... la-gwee-ole. but it's not the most obvious word, so that might be incorrect."
"pros: informative, mass communication, educational tool, entertainment.. . cons: make people think that they need to have the latest fashions, newest shoes, make young girl think that they need to be razor thin to be accepted by our population, reality tv shows."
"i believe""succeeding in life"" is a very personal thing.the worse part of my life wa trying to ""succeed"" by other people's standards.i now realize my success is not necessarily visible to others.it's not a bmw,it's not designer clothing or where i live.. i feel i am a success if i can give people the respect and dignity they deserve.and in some small way help them to realize what a gift life is and it is not given to u to spend it trying to show how successful we are to others.what if we all went around acknowledging the bit of god in each other?the homeless man ,the clerk at the store,the bank teller everyone get prop for being human and being alive.it ain't easy but on a good day i am glad to be alive and glad others are alive.. i try to remember there is very little difference between a mouse and me and between a rock and a mouse.we are all composed of the limited amount of material that exist in the known universe.i could have been a mouse or a rock but i'm not nor are you and i am glad to have had this opportunity to give you and anyone else reading this some of my insight.i feel a if this ha been a successful encounter.god bless."
i stick it on the rim of my water glass. that way everytime i take a drink of water i can see it and remember where i put it.
"a trick of the language.. . ""if a train stop at a train station, what happens at a workstation?"". . ""if you move stuff by ship it's called cargo, but if you move it by truck, it's call shipping""?"
none other than color. self rising is white and yellow is yellow self rising
i wa dared to shave my head; i did so everyone thought i wa gay. my prom date stood me up b/c of it.
"i've been looking into this a lot lately, because i am also trying to publish a book. i guess you want to stay away from vanity publishers, and self publishing; anyone who asks for money up front. buy the writer and illustrator market guide, you can get it at any bookstore, it ha great articles, and ha the name and address of agent and publishers, what their looking for, and submission guidelines. hope that helps."
"janey, i will give you 2 sites. one in japan and the other will be the main site.. . just wondering why you are asking about this in the vancouver category. are you in vancouver and want to get someone from your country over to canada?"
"a psychopath is a person with an antisocial personality disorder, manifested in aggressive, perverted, criminal, or amoral behavior without empathy or remorse.. . a sociopath is a person with an antisocial personality disorder (`psychopath' wa once widely used but ha now been superseded by `sociopath').. . so - effectively - there is no difference."
"my heritage is bolivian, growing up, people always thought it wa in africa somewhere. . before i went to bolivia to study, i had a friend ask me if it wa a safe place for american to go ""being so close to the middle east and all..."" i just laughed. i asked him if he had ever heard of simon bolívar, and that bolivia is in south america."
"because people say them with bad intentions. they really are just words, but we have given them bad meaning, just like we've given meaning to every other word."
"they say it's important so you can learn more, especially nonfiction like text book for high school and college or the classics, but i think it is more important to be doing something than reading: playing basketball, socializing, going on dates, working on your car, etc. see, reading is very passive and probably very lonely. you just sit there. everybody ha to read enough to get buy at their job and school, but don't overdo it."
"an effigy is a sculpture or model of a person. in some religious rituals, an effigy is used to represent an undesired person or spirit.. . are you talking about a voodoo doll?"
"couldn't be better. there are some fantastic lonely places, edinburgh is one of the most wonderful city in the world. what do you want to know?"
the what-if? factor. what if davinci had it right?
"i think it's mostly done by people who want to show that they are 'hip' and with the trend of young people on the internet. either that, or they are concious of the fact they really can't spell, and by doing it on purpose they mask that fact."
"grammatically, and i used to teach it though not an expert myself, a question mark (?) should only follow a question asking something, not a statement or a rhetorical question. these two require a period. a rhetorical question is one that everyone may know the answer to, such a ""do bird fly."""
"a direct flight mean that you departed from the point of origin in an equipment, then arrives somewhere for a stop, all the passenger have to deboard the plane and wait for the same plane/equipment to continue to the next destination, you don't have to change gate or get your bag you just wait for some time, usually around an hour.. an a non stop it just that make no stop at all between the point of origin and the destination. hope this helps!"
that's a pretty personal question - i think you're going to have to answer that one for yourself. :)
glib is speaking fluently without much thought. the word can also mean a smooth manner. so tom is telling someone to not be such a talker or to not be so slick.
deviled refers to the hot spice used in the traditional recipe. bon appitite!
people are prudish. blame the pilgrim and their purtianical belief we are all still controlled by.
"the best thing to do is to go to film school. you can take class on all of those. then moving to hollywood would be a great idea, because you will be so close to the jobs. then wait patiently....eventually your break will come if you are good enough, and work hard enough."
the other answerer have the reuben sandwich right. fiddlehead are new shoot of certain ferns. they're called that because they're curled in the shape of the head of a fiddle before they open up. once they're open they're no longer good to eat.
"the only thing i know about lady is that they're expected to lie about their age. so the definition of a lady must be: ""a grown woman stupid enough to lie about something that's a matter of public record."""
if you want it to look somewhat real use chicken wire to form the trunk and branches. you will need wood to support the chicken wire. cover it with paper-maiche and use caulk to help form the bark of the tree. then just paint it to make it look realistic.
"do you mean, ""how can disabled people arrange for accomodation on an airline?"" if so, just call ahead to the airline you want to fly with and find out what sort of special arrangement you might need to make (what time to get to the airport, thing like that)."
"i started with a book! i'm sorry it's a uk site, but you may find at least some thoughts, the term used, and and idea about the equipment needed on the site below. i suggest a web search for your locality may give better detail though... but this may be a start.... . happy wine-making!"
"i have never heard of the jacquardian window, only the johari window (by joseph luft and harry ingham). it illustrates how we see ourselves, how others see us, what we are really like, and our blind spot (what we dont know about ourselves.) you can find an in depth explanation on the net. if thats not what you're looking for then im sorry."
"because veal is kept in a crate, to stop the calf moving, so the muscle doe not toughen. lamb run free. veal is not from lambs, it is from calves."
"it must give most of u satisfaction in sharing ideas, jokes, stories, etc. most of u have question we really want answer for and this site is the perfect source for this."
it's not he just ha no idea what he is talking about!!
"the feeling of continuity is important for some people. they can look forward to thing being a they have always known them, and not be surprised by unwelcome change."
i do not understand why so many ppl are giving attenion to that controversy..she is just 18...and at that age she ha made a sincere effort to write a book..cant we appreciate that?. . anyways that book so titled to indicate what evolved in opal's life..what transformed her to accomplish her dream..
he is cool. talked to him several time myself. i do believe he is a real rev.
"for someone to take their time to visit you, they must feel strongly about their faith. maybe those that visit are the one that care the most."
"actually it started out a a song called ""pass the kutchie"" by the group the mighty diamonds. a kutchie is a pipe for smoking weed. but when the group musical youth remade the song, they couldn't have little kid singing about passing the hash pipe, so they changed it to dutchie, which wa a pot for cooking food. why little kid would want to pas around a pot for cooking food is beyond me."
"a city or an area of a country which is close to a travel destination, like the beach or a mountain for skiing, will spend money and advertise to let people know they offer something for them to see or visit. sometimes, it's all about the tourism development, because the whole ""resort"" is man-made like la vegas."
"we are already conquering the world in the sneakiest way... all over the world, we have filipino caretaker and domestic helper who marry foreigner and bore child of their own. some of u also migrate to canada, australia, california, uk, etc. you'll never know that by 50 years, majority of the people around the world are half filipinos, hahahaha!"
"first commandment "" love god above all "".. . i believe that psychic and medium are associated with different spirituality belief therefore when a catholic seek this advice, they are snubbing god for the vision of their future."
child have a much right to go out in public a you do. maybe you should stay at home and not go out.
i live in a town full of overly rich people who hire personal chefs. i am sure you could get hired to do both for a wealthy family/person.
"i'd just go buy a package of the powdered instant stuff. it's really not that bad, especially if you add a bit of leftover dripping from the roast. now i'm hungry!"
"i'm from guadeloupe (french west indies) and we distinguish two seasons:. -aug. to jan., when you can expect rain, storm and hurricane even if it's not always the case. it depends on the year.it's still very warm then, the advantage at that time is that it's not too hot.. - feb. to july, when it's hot and sunny and sometimes dry.. but of course it is the weather so you can't expect it to be always like this."
"a big hug for little one....meaning is 'happy, joyful, merry, cheerful'....yes, it is indeed a very sweet and nice name. people with this name r really very nice,caring and cheerful...."
"this is a hot topic in psychological research right now. it could be many factors; some neurobiological, some environmental, and the interaction of the two. usually the resilient person ha an internal locus of control, healthy self-esteem, and ha developed adaptive coping skills. there is no simple answer and you probably have to look at it on a case by case basis."
we will have racial equality when a person's race is not part of the picture. when we look at skill and attitude rather than skin color.
"by the same token, why do muslims, hindus, jews, ..... believe in something which ha no empirical evidence?. . religion ha no affiliation with concrete proof, actually, it is quite the contrary. most religion do not need to make secular sense since people want to believe in it in a spiritual way, and that's a choice they make."
"you are kickin it with some boring, repressed people. maybe you should change the crowd you kick it with. if the people around you don't respect your need for dirty pornography, and watching loose naked woman dance, then get rid of those friends."
i can't wait until it is just a little warmer so i can wear my flip-flops. they are seasonal here because it get too cold to wear them most of the year in nj. i admit i am uncomfortable wearing them a lot because they seem too casual (of course there are dressier version that work in all kind of situations). and then they are also nice because they are inexpensive; i think i have all of old navy's color (2 for $5 on sale several time from roughly march-sept.)
the dome shape is (according to physics) the best shape for the extremely harsh weather system that flow thru the arctic regions. it is also the most simple to construct when you have no resource like timber to build a frame.
"from what i understand, a move in the right direction would be to have a web site. that would be the easiest.. not so easy would be to hook up with gallery that have international connections...for that i have no info whatsoever."
"it's not always the question that bother women, sometimes it's the way the question is asked. presentation is everything, my friend."
:}. i'm afraid you will have to settle for the more recent cartoon . muslim would never have left such an artifact for fear the truth would be seen in his likeness.
cook them on a wet cedar plant board. great taste.
"the early male christian leader were so determined to impose a patriarchal power structure on western civilization and utterly destroy the earlier matriarchal/goddess-based belief system that they devised a way to compute the easter holiday date so that it would never coincide with the feast of the goddess eostre or ostara. but 2,000 year later, they have still failed to crush u into submission... ;-)"
perhaps.. . or maybe it is some sort of dementia. dementia is very common in older people.
"if i'm understanding you correctly, you want to know why people do something wrong and then regret it later. sometimes we just can't help ourselves. sometimes temptation get the better of us. if we're good people, though, we tend to feel bad about it later."
"i think maybe if society brought u up to be physically attracted to chocolate, we would be. or maybe it's just in our nature to be aroused by our own species, because in the end, that is what give u life?"
"matthew carter designed it because he loved italic and handwriting. it's a combination of both.... use it for whatever you feel it's appropriate for! embellishment, formal announcement or invitations, gothy designs, girly designs... whatever!"
"blue ball is a slang term for a temporary fluid congestion in the scrotum and prostate region caused by prolonged sexual arousal in the human male. it is most commonly associated with adolescent but can occur in any sexually mature male. it is often accompanied by a deep, agonizing, cramping ache of prostatic congestion and pain of the testes.. . the main cause of blue ball is prolonged sexual stimulation of the erect penis, either by direct or indirect contact, that doe not result in orgasm and ejaculation."
go to bournville train station and take the train towards four oaks. get off at b'ham new street and get on the train towards london euston and get off at birmingham international station. it's a short walk from there.
"people associate it with witchcraft, which they (incorrectly) associate with devil worship. therefore they assume it a santanic symbol, even though it isn't."
"i don't think foot are taboo. my ex-boyfriend had a foot fetish and it made thing very interesting, not bad at all. everybody ha their own ""thing"". and anyway, that's why we get pedicure and wear sexy shoes, so our foot will be attractive."
"time difference, time difference!. . italy is 6 hour ahead. so it's 1:50 pm in ny, and 7:50 pm in rome."
"not me, i'm proud to be an american! people who live here can crab all they want about this and that, but when it all come down to it, we've got it better than anybody else. if one is so pi$$ed at being an american, pack your crap and leave...you have that freedom!"
paimpozhil is near coutralam in tirunelveli dist. u cud take a train or bus to triunelveli and from there u cud head to coutralam or paimpozhil a it called by bus i believe. but from chennai to tirunelveli itself is more than 500km. have u been to that place?
"granulated sugar is regular sugar in grains.. powered sugar is regular sugar that ha been ground to a powder and a little corn starch added to it.. . when you get through, e-mail me a small sample."
"it like a cat purring. put your tongue back in your throat and posistion the tip by the gum line of your twofront teeth, and push a little air after the initial american r. you roll both r and rr, but roll rr a little longer, most people dont rool regular r s , but your supposted to."
"because the watchmaker's name tends to be at 12:00, by having it at 10:10 it allows u to see the ""label"" and have the hand nicely symmetrical. also it's simply tradition."
"depends on the weather, although for the most part, los angeles is usually favorable at that time of year.. a nice dress for the ladies, perhaps a hat to set it off.. men, jacket and dress pants. open necked shirt. after all this is california. so casual, but a bit dressy."
"the difference is in the language themselves. cuneiform is a script, not a language. a a script, it can be used to write a variety of languages, including sumerian, akkadian, and hittite.. hittite ""hieroglyphs"" reflects the writing of a closely related language - luwian in a hieroglyphic script used primarily on monument in the hittite kingdom."
"perhaps they are from california like all the knucklehead who wait to read the menu before they order food in a drive thru. i think it come down to, kid are having kid and are now kid aren't learning how to be thinker because their parent are still learning how to be parents."
"freaking pissed, stupid doctor tell me that i have irritable bowel syndrome and that the gerd i have had all of my life is eating my freaking stomach up and then they give me medicine that doesn't do a damn thing and tell me to go on a high fiber diet so i get some benefiber and i take one drink and throw up damn near and now i have a damn infection ,ladies you know what i am talking about i cant even have sex dude man this suck considering i'm a nympho! omg i just want to not feel like shit everyday . thanks for listening . how are you ?"
"if a major snow event is predicted by the weather service, city employee will often report to work before the bad weather actually hits. they'll stay in heated office near the garage with salt truck and snow plows. if they waited until the storm actually hit, it would be too late anyway. someone else would have to pick them up while on a plowing run himself."
"christian appear blind and naive because christian have had a 'renewal of the mind' (spoken about in romans), which includes a reorganizing of how we understand and see things, thing which we may afterwards seem naive about.. for instance, christian believe that serving people exhibit more power and ultimate influence than coercion. this is because we believe that servanthood run with the grain of how thing actually are... even though it seems like coercion and violence are influential; through jesus we see an alternate logic in this world... one which see past a cross towards the resurrection."
"over in america, i haven't seen chinese restaurant serve snake soup or turtle dish or maybe i haven't been to one! chinese american food, they offer you fork a well a chopstick while in chinese china food, there's no choice but chopstick alone unless you may go to a high price restaurants."
"badkitty, you have to know that most decision are based on relationship that you have. the people that you have better relationship with and have built a basis of trust will help you to make decision that you believe are the right decsions...moreso than a person with whom you've built no basis of trust.....even if it's a better decision."
"they are pagan symbol of fertility originally used in the celebration of eastre, the welcoming of spring on the vernal equinox.. . christian later adopted eastre tradition so a to blend in to the pagan majority while attempting to recruit converts. they also adopted the name and the date a well, until the constantine changed the name and declared the ""easter rule"" at the council of nicaea. the council of nicaea wa also when the christian church adopted the pagan idea of the trinity to apply to ""the father, the son and the holy spirit,"" and wa also the meeting at which the cross wa made the official symbol of christianity."
keep the onion refrigerated before you cut it. seems to work for me!
"if you are travelling for an extended period of time, you can have your mail held at the post office, until you get there. this is useful when you don´t know the address of where you will be staying. the post office will hold the mail there until you pick it up.l"
most kid think easter bunny when they think of easter. it is supposed to be a day of religion but most people eat chocolate and hide eggs.
"god were invented by different culture to explain the same natural phenomena.. so it's quite normal and predictable that all culture would have a storm god, a sea god, a god of war, and so on.. . the associated mythology which develop, though, are quite different. one-eyed odin, with his two raven who tell him everything, is quite a different character from the greeks' petulant superman zeus."
"in ""the godfather"" bonasera wa the guy's name (asking a favor at the wedding for the guy that beat his daughter up). in italian buona serum means, ""good evening"". ciao!"
"probably because of the funny noise and the funny face that soon follow the funny noises.. . but they are never fart you hear ~ they are ""barking spiders"" ~ didn't your mom teach you anything. sheesh!"
different responsibility and outlooks. a a child it seems to be all about you. a an adult it is a little about you and a lot about others.
it's so weird to read question like this. back in high school i assumed woman knew exactly what wa going on...and were in complete control of dating. you have to remember that we are a clueless....probably far more clueless....than you are. make it obvious.....flirt....have fun..smile....ask if a guy might like to go to an event with you.......and good luck.
you could just make a claim with your insurance company and tell him that you had to pay the deductible and make him feel bad for his dumb dog. guilt always works.
physic is the science of energy and matter and the interaction between the two.. . ethic are the rule or value of which a person or group of people live by.. . logic is simply reasoning. being able to determine something by deductive reasoning.
"the english prefix ""cyclo-"" come from the greek ""kyklo-"" which basically mean ""circle, ring, round."" thus, ""cyclops (kyklops)"" just mean ""round eye."""
"sell it to co-workers, my dad get it all the time. sell it to the homeless, they'd love it."
"pizza is round because it is the easiest way to distribute the dough for crust evenl, fast and effiecently.. . the box is square because the design is easier to construct and cheaper to produce. a circle one would require mor time to assemble because of it shape."
"protestant eat what they want, pray all the time, don't praise mary a much a catholics, believe more in a personal transformation than ritual, believe in finding thing out for themselves from the source (bible and god himself) and in a community rather than letting just one man (the pope) decide what's true and whatnot. there are more things, and most are just ""cult practices"" (how they worship and do little stuff differently)"
you know what even though it is bad for you i spend about $50 dollar a week in junk food. but now since summer is here i bye mostly fruit so i can fit in to my bikini. junk food keep me up at work.although i keep the junk food away from my kid and make sure they are always supplied with some sweet fruit because let face it if kid don't think it is sweet they would rather have something that is like candy
there is no candy bar that doesn't have chocolate in/on it. besides a payday
my name sound just fine to me.. . ;)
retinal activation - if dreaming in black and white then the retinal contribution is coming only from rod and in color the cone of the fovea are providing input to the visual processing centers. . it's just my theory but it doe have some validity . other area of visual processing are color/black and white optimized also so many area could contribute to this factor
"because homeless people are hilarious. have you ever seen bum fights? oh my gosh, homeless people are always walking around with that meth-withdrawal alcohol stupor look on their face, they stink like a skunk that crawled out the bunghole of another skunk, and they generally just make themselves targets. besides, it feel great to be able to be mean to people like that and then go home and soak in my spa."
"islam is a work based religion invented by a man that wa unhappy with the idol worship going on around him. man ha always looked for a way to reach god under his own power. christianity is faith based. where we believe in the power of christ death, burial, and resurrection to reach god."
i suggest that it become a discussion group talking about the hot topic of your members. i find that many of the class i attend are menu driven and that often we are just responding to a packaged class which make u think we are simply not part of it but just automatons. encourage lively discussion and debate set ground rule and liven the faith experience it will help all evaluate and strengthen their beliefs.
"you have to have woman right in order for the advancement of culture! look at scandinavia, probably the best place in the world to be a woman and extremely advanced! some of the highest standard of living are here in scandinavia.... and, i am a man, i love it here!"
"sometimes, it is wiser to forget, all your greives and sadness , anger would be behind you and you can't hold a grudge against anybody, it's nice to know that you're forgiven. but when it come to memorizing some text for school, you just have to pray you never forget a word!"
"the story of lorelei a a myth is very popular in german-speaking countries.. nevertheless, i haven´t ever met a real person with this name, neither in germany nor in austria. lorelei isn´t popular a a name. nobody is called ""snow white"" or ""rumpelstilskin"" either!"
"the aftermath of world war ii placed ukrainian catholic under the rule of the soviet union and soviet bloc regimes, which using position of only a few clergy called a synod in lviv (lvov) and annulled the union of brest. whilst officially all of the church property wa transferred to the russian orthodox church, some clergy went underground. this illegal church wa very supported by the diaspora created by the mass emigration to the western hemisphere, which began in the 1870s. the persecution led to the re-establishment of parish eastward throughout ukraine, and the further spread of the church into russia (especially siberia) and kazakhstan)."
"a the leadre of the largest religious movement on earth , he sought to bring about peace at every level.. he certainly should affect the life of all those who got to know him.. you do not have to be a roman catholic to be affected by his goodness.. he wa a man of god.. he might eventually receive sainthood in the rc church."
"in england, many hundred of year ago, official document were bound up with red tape. cutting throught the read tape would mean cutting out the official, burocratic step and just going straight to the solution to the problem."
a person who subscribes to the way of life of country in the western hemisphere. note that this includes australia and new zealand. generally live in industrialised country but not always so.
"we had grilled pork loin, fried chicken, catfish nuggets, mashed potatoes, macaroni salad, potato salad, butter beans, navy bean and ham, hush puppies, collard green and corn, green beans, 4 kind of cake and banana pudding. but we fed 1000 people at a cherity event."
"you might have irritable bowel syndrom and there is something in both of those, such a garlic or msg, that trigger it. go to your doctor if it persists and see if they can help you out."
el' ee vee zell'. . (he pronounced it this way.)
"okay to answer your questions. they follow us, they are apart of us. the meaning of it be long in the morning, short at noon and long in the late afternoon."
"after the mandal by v p singh congress is almost nowhere in up and bihar, poor arjun singh is trying to regain that ground. pure politics man."
this liquid you are describing is meat juice & liquied fat. it's okay to dump it out & it would actually be healthier to not eat it because it is beef fat which cause placque in the blood vessels.
"don't eat after a certain time and cut your pop and candy intake in half for a couple weeks, then cut that in half and so forth. you'd be surprised at how quick the weight drop with just that."
"""naghmeh"" mean melody, song or lyrics.. not so sure if it's persian or originally arabic. . it is used in persian anyway."
"because people haven't made an effort to actually talk to someone who is a muslim. the only muslim that we regularly hear about are the extremist and zealot that are in any religion.. . i know a muslim, and he is one of the most honest and morally upstanding people i have ever met."
"on monday i went out to the pub with my work mates. didn't realise how drunk i wa till i got home. my wife wa actually looking atractive, man i musta been wasted."
springfield mass regularly make the list of the top 25 most dangerous city in america. not a nice place.
"to properly cook and plate all food item in accordance with company recipes. food safety and sanitation practice are also very important. to prepare, bake, thaw, cook, rotate, etc...all or any food item they will need for their shift."
"fill up one of the jug with hot water and run it all the way through. don't use any sort of chemical a they will be very hard to flush out. seeing a all it ha had is bottled water it's whole life, it shouldn't need much more than that."
there are 2 kind of visa single and multiple entry. single you are allowed to enter the country only once before u need another visa . multiple u can enter back and forth specified or unlimited (depends on the country) ammount of time within sertain period of time say 6 month or 1 yr depends on the country. hope that help
"go to prison for awhile. i'm sure there are lot of them in there who could teach you their ""art"""
"grey poupon is over sensationalized spicy dijon mustard. it's great on sandwiches, but you don't have to own a roll royce to enjoy it. (but then if you consider the price....)"
"to live love, share, care, make friends. to eat, sleep, drink, and lot more............... to get the answer to this question, ask your heart!"
"christmas tell u the meaning of life - the meaning of christmas doesn't lie in having a lot of present or enjoying fine food. the meaning of christmas, instead, lie in being generous. in the eye of faith, the meaning of life lie in being generous with one another because god is generous with us. at christmas we discover again in jesus that god is infinite generosity; and in god's generosity to u and our generosity to one another, we discover again the meaning of life."
"if she sits with her leg spread apart. if she wear boyish clothes, like sports, and isn't into make-up and pretty things. if she cuss and smokes."
"i love bagel from mcd's and cinnamon one from the store. how do i like them, it's an acquired taste for anyone to like anything.either you grow up on it and like it or hate it or you don't."
"i wa told by interviewer . sell yourself they want to hear how good you are no matter how conceited it may sound to yourself they are looking for team workers, confidence, anyone willing to take on more learning for the benefit of the particular job, present yourself well look the person you are trying to sell...as for weakness be honest unless ha already been said it likely to lesson your chance of getting the job...so you could say i dont believe i have a weakness but if it were pointed out to me i have i am willing to take on board any suggestion or help to work on it .......but also keep in mind not all weakness are bad thing to have."
"""dao"" is a common alternate spelling to ""tao"", which literally translated mean ""the way"". i recommend you look it up, i'm taoist (or daoist, whichever you prefer). the yin-yang is the symbol for taoism, just to give you a start."
"my personal favorite is homer's illiad. wonderful cadence to the lyrics, and beautiful poetry. of course, that's in the original version - most translation are somewhat lacking. a i recall, there's a lattimore translation into english that work well & he kept the poetic layout (very tough to do when converting language)."
"james 2:24 kjv. . ye see then how that by work a man . is justified, and not by faith alone."
"""cuevas"" is a surname in spanish and also mean ""caves"". quevas is probably a variant in basque or some other romance language."
"it is referring to the holy spirit. en el nombre del padre, del hijo y el espiritu santo. in the name of the father the son and the holy spirit."
"scan the pic like you would any picture, then print it onto the specially made transfer paper, then apply it to a shirt however the particular paper say . some stick on some iron on , just depends."
"for the same reason it fear accepting gay marriage and the teaching of evolution - knowledge breed discontent and book like the davinci code, fictional or not, make people think. the church thrives on people not thinking, but following the leader instead. if everyone begin thinking for themselves and realizes that religion is not necessary for a person to have real faith, the church will lose it follower and begin to die. church are business that depend on the money ""tithed"" by parishoners - essentially it a customer based business and if the customer no longer require the service provided, the business fails."
the ultimate answer is.... 42. have you never seen or read the hitchhiker guide to the galaxy?
"that of which didn't get outsourced you mean? generally a a nation we have gotten more rude, le clean and younger. the only people available for lower end customer service job are younger like h grads, or college students, they have little time, and le care, because in that world a new job is right around the corner. i do totally agree with you, but it not just customer service that is lacking in courtesy, it's society a a whole."
helpline is a service offered by some social group and community service activist to help people in need. they offer all sort of mental & physical help
"<phils_fonts.com>....<itcfonts.com>....<acidfonts.com>pick character font from standard category and type current and historic....interests like readability,style,weight, interfont diversity,italisized versions; suitability in useage and practical application!!!!you have roman fonts...sans serif...italic.....brushscripts....black text....old english ...copperpoint scripts...constructed font and many permutation and combination of all of these!!!"
"well thats simple just prove thats it a lie. because it isn't slander if it's true, i might be able to help more if i knew what is being slandered."
"to deceive; and generally hurt someone. the good part of it is you find out who your friend are, because they know you well enough to know it's utter swill. bad part is there are a lot of people who want to believe the worst of anyone. consider it a filter of who is worthy to hang with."
he didnt need saving. he needed to suffer to save humanity.
are you filipino? if not then you need a filipino partner bcs a foreigner can not entirely own a business in the philippines. the best way to learn how to do something is find someone already doing the business. talk with a travel agent there...
there is only one way to avoid hell through salvation.. you must believe in god and his son jesus christ.. you must believe that jesus wa born lived a perfect life and died on the cross a the ultimate sacrifice for your sins..and then you must pray the sinner prayer you must admit that you have sinned and fallen short of the glory of god and you must ask for forgivness for your sin and ask jesus to come into your heart and accept jesus a your lord and your personal savior.. i hope this help if you have more question please feel free to im me my id is my username and may god bless you..
"you really don't have to because they can be eaten at room temperature. however, if you want to serve it warm, put it in a 350 degree oven, covered with tin foil for about 35-45 minutes. if you are in a hurry, slice off some pieces, fan them out on a cookie sheet, cover with foil in a 350 degree oven for 15-20 minutes. yumo!"
a blue star highway is a highway that ha marker memorializing the sacrifice of america's armed force in wwii. the highway program wa started in 1945 by the national council of state garden clubs.
"like ""prince's"" weird phase (ok a if he's ever had a normal one) peter cottontail (aka: the easter bunny) go by a symbol. . . ""0"""
tell your parent straight up that you will not accept the blame for their argument and that you will no be the scapegoat for their problem in their life. it may be so that they argue about something related to you but their inability to resolve the issue show their is some problem brewing between them for some time before and instead of facing them they blame you. tell them how you feel and let them know that is sad that they are not been adult and instead of helping you grow a a person they are limiting you and making you feel bad.
"ooooh that's me...virgo's are picky when it come to dating, they enjoy the good thing in life but at the same time are very humble. we are very practical and are very health conscious. we are also very loyal and friendly and analytical and take thing very slowly because we are cautious."
"“daystar.” the expression “daystar” (gr., pho·spho′ros) occurs once, at 2 peter 1:19, and is similar in meaning to “morning star.” such star at certain season of the year are the last star to rise on the eastern horizon before the sun appears and thus are herald of the dawn of a new day. peter’s previous reference to the vision of jesus’ transfiguration in magnificent glory suggests a relation to his entering into kingly power a “the root and the offspring of david, and the bright morning star [a·ster′].”—re 22:16; 2:26-28.. . the resurrected and exalted jesus spoke of himself a “the bright morning star” and promised to give “the morning star” to his conquering followers, evidently indicating a sharing with him in his heavenly position and glory. (re 22:16; 2:26, 28; compare 2ti 2:12; re 20:6.)"
it is from the douay/rheims translation. in the kjv it is translated achsa or achsah.
"it mean you are either stressed or that you don't have ""presence of mind"" (which mean you aren't thinking about what you're doing because you are busy thinking about other things). it is okay. just keep a spare set of key hidden in a safe place."
"who are the 'we' you refer to?. . . this would be you and...who, exactly?"
"the spelling system of english wa invented a long time ago. the pronunciation of english changed, but the spelling didn't. also, many last name of english speaker came from other language backgrounds."
"it keep the people that aren't getting the benefit at the bottom of the ladder. this maintans the social heirarchy of the rich staying rich, and the poor staying poor."
"maybe bc it so freaking hot and humid. or maybe bc the city folk are so superficial and hung on themselves they make the rest of u sick!. . i can say these things, i used to live there."
"are you asking question to which someone can respond with a reasonable and helpful answer????. . if you do, most people will only answer if they have something valuable to offer.. . if not, you may have to expect some of the answer you are receiving."
"it's when some one is being fake. acting inappropriate, a to say that you are ""gangster"" when you are really ""prep""."
"draw??? you either mean 'drawer' or 'drawing'. i'll go with the latter, and say a 'gun'."
"theater present slice of life, and life unfortunately is sometimes cruel and violent. it's the age old debate in the arts... are you true to the artistic ideal, or do you sell out and go commercial to fill the seats?"
"fry them in a pan till both side are browned then pour applesauce or sliced apple on top. cover and simmer on medium or low heat for a while, like a half hour or so. serve with wild rice and have a wild night!!!"
proficient = fluent. . watch ussage though: you can be a proficient cook but not a fluent one. it just sound odd..
"everything ha an expiration date. the water will not go bad, but after some time the packaging may begin to deteriorate causing some contamination of the water. they have to aknowledge this."
"they're just bitter that they're in the minority. there's nothing they can do to set policy in the country, so they just b itch and try to discredit others. expect more of that this fall when republican retain both house of congress."
why do american call football 'football'?. . they dont even use their foot!!!
go to your witch doctor so that they can remove the curse. good luck!
look in the obit until someone your age and gender dies. contact social security and let them know you (dead person) lost your card and have one mailed to you. use that to get your driver licensed reissued. obviously this is illegal...big brother is watching.
"it an adaptation to the climate that surround them externally. cold and the sunlight make it possible, making it a genetic feature in them *as the previous answer mentioned* that will be passed on to others."
"i completely agree, some people that answered don't understand that you know what they mean, just that they should be reversed. i think if someone had a father that remarried, then she should be your mother-in-law, like the person before me said, ""mother-by-law"", that count here too, because she would only be your mother by law. good question!!"
"i grew up in lower middle class, and i could answer about half of the question in the poverty and the middle class sections, so it seemed pretty accurate to me. it wa interesting!"
"there is not such thing a time. we just pretend there is so we have something to measure ourselves by. we need control- and to get that control we need to measure our growth and our decay. but in reality, who can say if time truly exists?"
"fool is an english dessert made by folding puréed fruit into whipped cream and chilling in a pot or mould. traditionally made with gooseberries, the dish is now commonly made with any seasonal fruit."
"slice some green or red pepers. either dice them and mix them into the rice, or cut them into loops, and place them decoratively atop it."
"aethiest doe not believe in god. at all. period.. . agnostic litterally mean doubt, so they think maybe there is a god but is not sure."
because the bible say so. of course i've never read anything about knocking on people's door early in the morning in the bible.
at the moment people are angry the forget about that fact and just remember that the other deserves all the pain in thw whole the world.... . we're just human...
"in england, a philosopher is like a wizard or warlock, one who doe magic. here in the u we tend to think of a philosopher a a religious person or priest. it's basically a translation issue, even though the language are the same.. it's like chips=fries or lift=elevator."
"a mild humid coastal climate is characteristic of virginia.. . record high temperature: 110 degree f (43 c) at columbia on july 5, 1954.. record low temperature: -29 degree f (36 c) at monterey on feb. 10, 1899.. average july temperature: 75 degree f (24 c).. average january temperature: 36 degree f (2 c).. average yearly precipitation: 43 inch (109 cm)."
"sharon stone is mensa. the problem is that for every ten woman who have brains, it only take one airhead to reinforce the stereotype."
"i lived for 12 year in mexico. do not know a town by joya.. looked in my directory for city code and did not find it either. only found la joya de calvillo, gto 429.. are you speaking of a hotel?"
buy a pre-paid calling card so that the call will not be on your telephone bill. you can get them for a little a five buck for a few hour of talk time!
"dolma is a greek or turkish dish of grape leaf stuffed with rice, seasoning and either fruit such a raisin or meat such a lamb. they are very tasty... i recommend that you try them."
a superhero is a fictional character who is noted for feat of courage and nobility and who usually ha a colorful name and costume and ability beyond those of normal human beings. a female superhero is often called a superheroine.
"if it say powdered, use powdered. they're not a interchangeble a you might think."
"take him out to the garage and tie him up and electricute him (with small volt shocks, c'mon we're not animals) and condition him to think how you want him to think. work everytime. sometimes you have to be bold in your strategies."
if you're around jew it mean desire.. if you're around everybody else: refer to other answer
"""to enjoy life to it full extent until you die and wither away."". --or--. ""to work your but off until you can retire and gain nothing but misery for all eternity until you die and wither away."""
throught yahoo messenger?. . just right click on them and save them to your new folder.
"dancing is no more than walking...to a beat. walk forward, walk backward, walk with side steps...one foot after another...no more, no less. don't try to make it more than it is ... it is not scary at all. put your right hand in the middle of her back, hold her right hand in your left...and start walking to the rhythm..that's it..you are now dancing..good luck, and have some fun."
because no man could handle the true glory of god. that is why he hid moses in the cleft of the rock.
"because, chocolatecandy, you have kidney and a liver. ain't it wonderful?"
mix 3-4 oz. of cream cheese with a can of store-bought icing...it make it lot better and you don't have to cook anything.
just another friday to me. it's good co it start the weekend and i get 2 day off work.
order? it's more like a brazillian churrascuria...as in the bring trolley after trolley of thing by to you and you say yes or no.
"lol!!. christinaity promotes love and peace and brotherhood of all humans, islam promotes peace and love and equality of all humans, judism i guess promotes the same values.. if you are looking for a culprit for all those pointless war search for material and political gain (petrolium, terrotrial gain, influence..etc). religion are perfectly innocent (although political leader who wish to turn their citizen into angry moron who would sacrifice their money, life and loved one for the sake of making'em richer and more powerfull would love to convince you of the contrary."
"break them up and creat a mosaic, or make glass sun catcher with them and hang in the trees. or make a sculpture by gluing them together with gorilla glue."
"human (not born-again, lost) make up religion to try to satisfy the desire to ""love god"" that the creator put inside each human being, they also try to fill that desire with other things: drugs, sex, money, power etc.. the creator is god, and loving him is the only thing that will fill it up. human (born-again, saved) make up religion and twist up thing taught in the bible, because they don't listen close enough to the creator (holy spirit) that came to live inside them when they accepted jesus a their savior---but he won't let them stay in deception for long."
learn proper grammar and spelling because psychology class require a lot of writing. you obviously need some lesson in that area.
most of the brewery don´t but some do.fukumitsuya does.. the reason why most brewery don´t is that this sake rice four to five time more expensive is then normal rice. since the rice is about 60 to 70% of the cost of the sake the choice for making warm sake with lower quality rice is easy
"song of solomon 2:1 ""i am the rose of sharon, and the lily of the valleys."". this book of the bible is a love song written by solomon. historically it depicts the wooing and wedding of a shepherdess by king solomon, and the joy and the heartache of wedded love.. allegorically it picture israel a god's betrothed bride, and the church a the bride of christ.. i know this doe not answer your question completly but it doe kind of give a background to where the verse is and what the song of solomon is about."
"learn english, be open-minded, be friendly and learn to love and respect other people esp. foreigner in your country;-) the rest lay on your ability in studying. choose what you want to study and choose an university where you wanna go."
"a condo is just another name for an apartment. it is short for condominium. they are usually just a bunch of apartment in one big building, like townhomes. a lot of vacation place and resort offer condo to stay in."
look for megabus. they have some route between major city for only 1pound one way. you have to book early and a i say they only travel between the major city but they are a good bet. other than that try local council travel pass for short distance and national express for long distances.
"because she marries a man she doesn't love, for financial security and dy in childbirth. bummer."
"because initially those who could not speak were thought of a ""dumb"".. then it wa derogatory, but even after it wa learned and understood, the term remained. so now, when someone is described a deaf, dumb and blind, we know that they cannot hear, speak or see."
the meek shall inherit the earth. the rich are just using it right now to justify being damned for eternity.
"yeah max is right it consists of 6 digets (in some case 7) usually one letter and 2 number then one number & two letters. depending on the area of manchester the post code can start with m, bl, ol, wn. manchester is a large city and now considered a county (greater manchester) so you reallly need the street and area of manchester for a full post code."
try to drink a lot of tea instead.. i think this might work.
"although being dutch myself i never heard of that word. i even looked it up in the dictionary, but... there is no word like that. sorry."
"driving while having a bac (blood alcohol content) of more than .01% for under 21 or more than .08% for over 21. so basically, if you have a beer and you're under 21 and get pulled over, you're screwed. if you're over 21 you're good for a couple beers."
you'll know when someone else who know what you don't know tell you what they know and in turn noone know whose know is the right know. you know?
"according to what i learned in my geology class, you can tell the age of rock by what type of material they're made from and where you find them (especially how deep in the earth). the deeper the rock, the older, and certain rock like quartz are generally older than sedementary rock (made by layering) like limestone."
"they taste alike, but different too! dr. pepper is made by the dr. pepper company, mr. pibb is a ""coke"" product."
it's great! don't even need a car to get around the strip jump in a taxi or free shuttle if you are to lazy to walk it. the shopping and attraction are great!
"deadbeat dad are not real men. they are a$$holes, human garbage."
it is called schengen visa. and it depends from which country you come from.. the best thing you could do is ask the embassy
many homeless people are mentally incompetent so they should be someone else's responsibility. others are drug addict or alcoholic and that is their responsibility.
how can one know what to answer? what is you question?
touché . . used to acknowledge a hit in fencing or a successful criticism or an effective point in argument.
"the longer a susbstance stay in contact with your carpet, the more it will penetrate into the fibers.. . you need to use specially formulated carpet deodorizer which will neutralize the odor and use natural bacterial enzyme to eliminate the source."
"why do u think black people were removed from egypt? egyptian were and still darker ,, their color is the same , u can see the colored statue of them in the cairo museum which return back 3000-5000 year ago,, their color is the same till now,, woman are lighter (as they were not exposed a lot to the sun, and men are not white and not black,,, like most of the people of north africa,,the south we go the darker we see people , aswan people and nubia people are the darkest, and people do not think at all of the color issue,, the more whiter or blond..will be near the coast, (mix with other culture like greek , roman turk...etc)"
tell everyone in the room... ask everyone if there is a wet spot on his shorts.... . rub his butt and see if it stink and ask everyone if they wanna smell his finger
"click on the person's avatar.. choose 'contact <username>'. if you email is not abled, you will need to able it by clicking on the link 'enable mailing etc etc'.. follow the steps.. check the box - allow yahoo answer user to mail me via email or allow yahoo answer user to contact me via yahoo messenger. and then retry the first step and the second step again."
malaysia airlines?. or perhaps klm.. . these are my trusted one and they don't burn your wallet.
"honestly, the immediate negative impact is probably from family and friends.. . many, when they converted to christianity, were alienated by their close ones. although, this initial reaction is short-term.. . for me, i find that keeping my faith alive at all time is especially hard; but it is reinforced whenever i hang out with fellow believer and when i pray hard to god."
"zeus had a lot of sons, but hercules is probably the most famous. he wa half god/half human which didn't permit him to live on mount olympus with the other gods, but he had the strength of a god. he used this strength to help other people around the world, and that is what he became known for."
"quite well, thank you dear !. and fare thee also well."
beat your wife you drunk . duh. . *now ppl dont get offended
i do not believe at all that they have a higher divorce rate than others.. . they are teaching about the family so much because there is so much divorce. people have messed up and some preacher are trying to help...if people will just listen.. god taught u about the family in the bible..how we are to love each other and how we are to raise our children..and so many people have gotten away from that and a lot of life have been shattered because of it.
matrix wa a movie.. . matrix can also be the charting/positioning of those below you in any work from home organization.
"i usually use the skull a decoration, not the reverse. a cow's skull look great in a rock garden with a century cactus or other ornamental cactus like the, ever popular, cactus rose. i'm thinking that wa what you meant by your question, if not, i'm sorry!"
"in my opinion, all pop taste better out of a bottle, whether glass or plastic. pop in aluminum can ha a slight aluminum taste to it, while neither glass nor plastic give off any sort of odor or taste."
"people are unable to learn a easily, so cannot make informed decision about their lives. by not being able to read, they are handing their life over to someone else, who will probably take advantage. this is in literate societies. in illiterate ones, like native tribes, it doesn't matter."
"because it teach u leasons or the imp pepopel leasons so they don't do stupid thing again in the future. we learn history because a, the wanna torture u and b, they want u to learn the 'significance"" and how it changed the world we are in today."
"phone the bus company. or if they have a website, go there and have them mail you a schedule through the mail."
"why would are physical look change because of art? if your talking about how people compare themselves to people in artwork like whats the most popular body type. breast size, waist size, butt size, height, weight, everything now that i think about it!!!"
"medium-high heat on the grill, marinate in vermouth for about 10 minutes, pat dry, add garlic and pepper to steak and grill to desired doneness. try not to keep poking it by turning it, use a spatula if you can."
"i have had fairly good result with: 1) use a very fine ""striping"" or ""liner"" brush (000 or smaller or work well - depending on how fine of a line you're looking for), windsor newton series 7's work the best; and 2) try using a ""bridge"" (a device that's normally used a a hand support while painting over a fine medium, but that work equally well a a straightedge that's raised above the surface of the work. what medium(s) are you working with?"
"american in group can tend to be loud, obnoxious, seem to think they're better than others (sorry, experience). i think this is encouraged a lot more in american culture than european.. . ps... i have american friend who i like on their own, but in groups, wellll..."
do it with a close friend who is more confident first until you build confidence. make sure he is in on what you are trying to do.
"i don't know, but your username ha convinced me to make a kfc run. maybe i'll have some cooky for dessert!"
the church all condone this behavior because the just want the cash$$$$$. . witness the vatican only sacking their priest rather then charging them!
"organic form is sometimes called ""biomorphic"" which literally mean ""life-shaped."" this is a pretty good definition--works that incorporate the kind of lines, surface and volume we associate with living, growing things, rather than manufactured objects. example might include: the sculpture of henry moore and barbara hepworth; the painting of joan miro and paul klee; the installation of yayoi kusama and louise bourgeois."
"christianity started in india through missioniries, and they first landed in the port of kerla from there they started their good work of converting people to their faith which the people have accepted rather than resented........ . well we should always let people to decide their faith, we a indian have always tolerated this, no other country would allow this........... . great indians........ greater india"
"in scottish gailic it mean ""to be loved"" or ""beloved"". . it my daughter name and it seems that by the previous answer the name obviosly ha to do with love"
"sam adam's summer ale, because no matter what, it brings you back to the warm night of summer. and it taste great! also, it not very expensive."
"probably because you call him g-d, call him by his name ""yah"" short for yahweh and he will answer. calling him g-d could mean any god. he answer to his name, that why he tell it to u over 6,000 times. ""whatever you ask in his name he will do"""
they are not all called lee. that is like saying all canadian and american's are called smith. . lee is a family name popular in china and korea.
to live fully - experiencing all emotion sweet & sour - to learn from the lesson offered. to love and be loved. to leave behind cherished memories. to exhult in the beauty of the world!
"cause they are big and they are always hungry. and when theya are hungry they become mean, really mean.. when something that big and that hungry becomes mean, you take the child and the woman and the elderly to the fort, and call forth all your knight to defend the land. . you see, with all this fuss, it better to feed them."
"i think that come from:. . in nomine patris, et filii, et spiritus sancti. (in the name of the father, the son, and the holy ghost)"
allow me to tweak this one. ok so god doesn't create each and every hermaphrodite on purpose. why would he create a system of propogation that would allow a human being to be forever alien from having a normal sense of self-worth like this? couldn't he have engineered it a little tiny bit better?
"study,research and experience it..for example wanna study ghost?? stay at the cemetry or supposed haunted place for a few days..bring all gear"
"latino and hispanic are the same thing .. just mean from ""spanish/latin"" origin . . mexican is exactly what it say .. someone from mexico"
"asparagus contains a sulfur compound called mercaptan. it is also found in onions, garlic, rotten eggs, and in the secretion of skunks. the signature smell occurs when this substance is broken down in your digestive system. not all people have the gene for the enzyme that break down mercaptan, so some of you can eat all the asparagus you want without stinking up the place."
because you and i keep opening our wallet and paying whatever they ask. a long a people pay they will continue to raise the price. that's how it works.
"taqwa is a central concept that ha been frequently mentioned in the qur’an, especially in verse that deal with individual behavior in social relations.. . some of the common english translation of the word taqwa are “piety” and “heed” or “god-fearing.” each of these translation give only a partial understanding of this word’s true meaning because it is an attitude that combine many feelings, such a fear of god, heeding, and above all being god-conscious."
"by sealing yourself up in a bubble and eating perfect amount of organic, sterile food. you can't prevent 100% of disease and live a real life. life is messy and dirty...do your best to wash your hand and cook your food thoroughly...and then go out and have some fun!"
"most men, gay or straight, were breast-fed. i think there's just something biologically comforting about breasts, a the original source of food and affection. a women, we have our own, but men must be drawn to them on a subconscious level, even if they're not sexually interested in the woman."
because they were learned and literary and were flexing their mental muscles. you can probably compare it to a normal modern day person doing a crossword puzzle or a sudoku puzzle. because a sonnet ha to conform to certain rule it is not so dissimilar to sudoku and i guess it wa the fashionable mental exercise of it day amongst intelligent literary types.
"very clever people can be off-putting, even frightening. but i think genius don't have it so bad; they get to think about, sometimes even discover, thing that the rest of u can't even imagine. i know i envy them at least a much a i pity them."
"# january 2 - brigham young, is arrested for bigamy (25 wives).. # february 20 - in new york city the metropolitan museum of art opens.. # march 1 - yellowstone national park is established a the world's first national park. # march 5 - george westinghouse patent the air brake for railways.. # march 26 - earthquake at lone pine, california with an estimated magnitude of 7.2 .. # may 10 - victoria woodhull becomes the first woman nominated for president of the united states.. # may 22 - reconstruction: president ulysses s. grant sign the amnesty act of 1872 into law restoring full civil right to all but about 500 confederate sympathizers.. # november - ulysses s. grant defeat horace greeley in the u.s. presidential election. # november 5 - women's suffrage: in defiance of the law, suffragist susan b. anthony vote for the first time (on november 18 she wa served an arrest warrant and in the subsequent trial she wa fined $100 - she never paid the fine).. # november 9 - great boston fire of 1872: in boston, massachusetts, a large fire begin to burn on lincoln street. the two day event destroyed about 65 acre (260,000 m²) of city, 776 buildings, much of the financial district and caused us$60 million in damage"
"a vizier (وزير, sometimes also spelled vizir, wasir, wazir, wesir, wezir - grammatical vowel change are common in many oriental languages), literally burden-bearer or helper is an oriental, originally persian, term for a high-ranking political (and sometimes religious) advisor or minister, often to a muslim monarch such a a caliph, amir, malik (king) or sultan. in modern usage the term is used in the east generally for any important official under the sovereign. also used anachronistically or in a modern islamic republic's cabinet."
"i haven't had much luck making hats, at least pressing felt into a hat shape. i think you might be better off buying an inexpensive pirate tricorn and modifying it. but if you scroll through the link to the how to section, you'll find instruction on making various kind of hat that might be adaptable to what you're trying to do."
because people want certainty and easy answers. the universe doesn't work like that. change is the norm and almost all correct answer come only with considerable research and thought.
"""human being"" is the common term given to the specie homo sapiens. it is just a classification.. . ""being human"" mean acting in accordance with the guildlines society ha set down a being appropriate for a human being."
"that is a tough one.. there are sought to be made explanation but.. sifting through all of them, i believe it is: around the year 1700, the slang verb cop entered english usage, meaning ""to get ahold of, catch, capture."" by 1844, cop showed up in print, and soon thereafter the -er suffix wa added, and a policeman became a copper, one who cop or catch and arrest criminals. copper first appeared in print in 1846, the use of cop a a short form copper occured in 1859"
"not all american woman are materialistic. some woman believe they must have an abundance of luxury yes, but there are those who find the abundance in what they already have achieved rather than what else they can have. and these materialistic way can be found in every country, in every culture...not just the united states."
:}. they are not hinduism is shrinking in america despite the vast immigration of hindu
"dis is short for disrespect. so it is easy to ""dis"" someone, it just mean you are being rude and talking crap!"
"the story of lot is one christian prefer to ignore, other than using it to vilify queers.. . odd how lot offered his daughter (and then the maid) to male homos.. . perhaps the denizen of sodom were really a bunch of horny woman and it wasn't a matter of lot being the only ""good man,"" he wa the only man."
yeah islam is being attacked. few extremist are giving a bad name to islam. islam is a very peaceful religion. ask the common muslim people.
scientifically not possible for human. i know frog can sleep with it eye open.. . but practically it possible for u too.. i have done that many a time in my undergraduate classes.. when it boring to hear the lecture of some professors.
let someone else cut the onion for you. that is the way i do it.
is there any statistic to support what u said???. . weirdo..
i usually start by breaking up a cigarette. i don't smoke them except about 50/50 tobacco with my weed. i put a little cardboard filter in there so i'm not getting tobacco or weed in my mouth and i only use zig zag or some other slow burning paper.
food for the poor? maybe the poor should stop being lazy son of bitch and stop taking my money.. . equal right for all? should be equal right for peole who actually matter in society.
start a crime watch neighborhood. have the people be on the lookout and call the police for thing that are suspicious.
"you go to an embassy that is part of the schengan group, we applied in the uk at the french embassy. the visa they issue to visit france for those that need a visa automatically is the schengan visa. hope that help"
everyone is put on this earth for a special reason. either you haven't found out yours yet or you were asking that question because you're suicidal.if you're suicidal i suggest you go into therapy.
you get what you pay for. blunt but true.
in the uk.... pissed is drunk. pissed off is angry
"it ha been said that a a result of the fall, all of nature ha been corrupted. where once there wa no death, now death pervades."
try real estate. a i did. and now i am 'what u r going to be'
"year ago all trade wore different colour on site. blue for electrician, brown for carpenter etc. a you are more likely to get splashed painting a ceiling and most ceiling are white white overall made sense."
"i'd recommend taking winter clothes because of the equator differences. if it is summer here, it will be winter there and so on. i would advise you to take a jacket/sweater, long sleeve shirts/long pants, and everything that could be enough to warm you in about 50-60 degree weather. have a great vacation."
"i lived in south louisiana for a long time and the people there call each other ""boo"" and ""shy"". it's not anything bad or demeaning, just another expression of ""friend"", so relax and go with it."
im sure if theyd asked they wont be turned away. maybe not all religious building have the appropriate amenity to be a suitable shelter. why arent government building or public building shelter for the homeless?
"well, the fact can always be wrong.. . e.g. it wa fact that the world wa flat, until proved wrong.. . my opinion, pure truth doe not exist due to variation in perception of the 'truth'."
roosevelt did not do anything because simply put he hade nothing to gain from doing it. it is a lie that the usa or the rest of the world did not knew about the holacaust while it wa occuring. the only reason the usa got involved in wwii wa to gain more access to market control by the british empire. they made an aggrement prior to joining the war in the side of the allias that the british would open up those markets.
angelhimm ha the right site. if u r commonwealth it is easier. u could also get a visa good for 2 year easily if ur from the uk.
"i write because it allows me to open a window for others to peer into the world and people i see. it's an amazing gift to take others on a journey to somewhere else, to open door for new information, and to present ordinary thing in a new light. thought are the truest power that we, a humans, hold. to expand the thought of another, whether it is through fact or fiction, is the strongest connection we can make."
some people think they have to stomp on others to get more have more be more. a lot of people are all about me me me mine. and since you're not them you don't matter to them.
"it's not that most people are idiots, it's simply become a social trend starting sometime in the late 60's or early 70's for people to simply stop thinking for themselves. i mean honestly, it's a wonder that many people these day maintain the motivation of mind to continue breathing."
"well first of all *huge hugs* people are so cruel and judgemental theese days!!! sorry you dont have any friends,if u need one i can be thru email.meluvchris418@yahoo.com.anyways try and keep your head up.there are still some good people left in this world.i promise.=)"
almost everybody who teach someone else their langeuage teach that. doesn't matter if it's a boy or a girl. a lot of people think those are more fun than actually useful stuff.
"for a burrito, use a flour tortilla and steam it first. it roll up better that way without tearing and doesn't taste a ""raw"". i like to put some cheese on it and then steam, that way your cheese is melted a well."
"there can't be any creation, except creation by mind. so, there could a many story a people would like to listen/read."
"cara, mia.. . my heart.. . it's a term of endearment."
"i just cut it up and eat it plain, but you can put in salad or dip it in dressing. my sister in law make it with this sweet mexican chili sauce, i dont know what it called."
"ronpope. it is the mexican version of eggnog, i find that it is sweeter and taste a little like whiskey. so think of a sweet liquor. it is yummy on flan."
"i do it all the time. it is kind of a ritual for me, like you have when you are shooting free throws. i guess it relaxes me and let me get ready to take care of business."
"some airline give you bonus mile for checking in online. also some airline to assign seat so you will get a better boarding pas the earlier you check in. i find it more convienent because i usually just have a carry on, i can go straight to the gate. if i do need to check baggage i can go straight to the checking in baggage line which is usually shorter."
"rebekah wa first mentioned in the bible in the year 1878 bce when abraham sent his household manager in search of a suitable wife for his son isaac. it possibly mean 'cow' - not very flattering but rebekah proved to be kind, hospitable, modest in manner and industrious and she wa also very attractive - genesis chapter 24:14 - 21 refers."
"i think censorship is a bunch of bullshit. there's enough technology these day to monitor offensive material rather than resorting to censoring. hell, almost all cable/satellite providors include parental control with their boxes."
"most people seem to agree that the divine is infinite, beyond comprehesion. so why would the divine appear to everyone the same way? wouldn't he/she/it appear in the way most likely to achieve the desired affect from whoever he/she/it is dealing with? which mean it would make perfect sense for different culture and different people to have different view of the divine, and none are any le valid than any other, just more difficult for some people to understand."
"that's the easiest position to leave the elevator. facing door is the last thing you can do before door open up. so it is a ""getting ready"" thing."
"minority status is a governmental designation and here in the u.s. it refers to any group (usually a race) that is not the majority. since caucasian in the u.s. outnumber other racial group the rest are considered minorities. in other countries, caucasian could be considered a minority if the government of that country wa to so designate. for instance, in cameroon, a caucasian would be a minority even though he might have a privileged status otherwise."
an optimist call a person who is negative a pessimist. a pessimist call himself a realist.. . an optimist can be disappointed; a pessimist can be pleasantly surprised.
"although a house of worship should be sacred, we can see by their action that they do not respect life; or others who are different from them. religious intolerance. hatred."
earthquake prediction is not feasible at this time. the best you could do is give a probability of a quake. you would be safer saying there is an x% chance of an earthquake in australia within the next 30 years.
because of a funky chemical inside it. what chemical? i have noooooooooo clue.
"the wikipedia link is below. it wa a propaganda campaign in soviet russia to encourage worker to work harder using exceptional ""model workers"" which started with aleksei stakhanov, a coal miner."
first of all redneck is a very wide term. i assume your talking about people who live in the 'sticks.' maybe people believe they are all dumb because they themselves are not smart enough to know otherwise.
"just by looking at them. all the homo have that certain ""look"" about them. it's okay that they're homos, i'm just saying you can easily tell.. . plus they all lisp."
also in soccer ..there is player call him keeper ..lol. . maybe he play soccer and u dont know ..lol ..
saint are peolpe who have lived an exemplary christian life. they are recognized by the church for the poeple to emmulate
"the calm of majorda beach..just chill under an umbrella with a drink in hand and maybe go for a swim now and then... the energy of baga and calangute beaches..play, drink, laugh, dance... the rocking night life.. specially around christmas and new year... the natural beauty... goa is goa!"
they can't help it. i think it something about that damn religion... they should all join the church of the flying spaghetti monster.
they are trying to overcome their inferiority complexes. all generation go through this period.
that the journey is over;. mission accomplished;. the end of life;. a new beginning.
"strangely enough, only today i saw a programme about 'rounders'. it wa a bat and ball game played by young people when i wa much younger. in ireland it wa one of the only three game permitted by the gaelic athletic association: gaelic football, hurling and rounders. the most interesting part wa that it wa claimed to be the forerunner of baseball, a rounder wa brought to america by the irish during the exodus from ireland in the 1840's famines............."
sardine are related to the fish group herring anchovy are a seperate group or genus. . anchovy are very salty and have been consumed by human longer than sardines.
"they don't crush them to get the oil, they boil it out of their hides. when they crush baby you get baby powder."
"puncture the three ""eyes"" at the top first and drain out the coconut milk. then break the shell with a hammer. i usually used a stainless steel nail or a heavy metal skewer. you should be able to by the nail at a hardware store."
i believe garlic is thought to or doe affect the blood in some way. this may have something to do with why vampire do not like garlic.
"from one billionare to another, i take it on good authority from my caddy chauffeur that a steady diet of hard work and terrible living condition can make some of the lower class smell. i told my housekeeper the other day that if i gave her a hovel instead of the usual cardboard box would she take a shower (it doesn't rain often enough for her to take a shower a it is). so i understand your problem, but if you pretend they don't exist except to throw their daily allotment of penny at them it will all be fine...asshole"
i believe it's a sign of the times. it seems that almost everything is getting more and more liberal every day.
whats a philiphinnese?. are you talking about people from the philippines?. then i bet you mean filipinos.
because people are jealous of her kind heart! green monster! she rock and they know it!
"to gain weight. to prevent lung cancer, emphysema, & copd. to live longer. to save a lot of money.....)("
just dream in it ...lol kidding. . it easy try to learn the language u want to read .. ;)
"yo, drink that bottle, and then break it up, and get that worm out of there. it worked for me in the past. and the only downside is that then you need to clean the mess from the broken bottle"
"grilling us high heat.. . bbq us indirect or low-level heat and le expensive cut of meat that need long, slow cooking to become tender and allow a full, smoky flavor to completely develop."
"to lead them a a group... like when you watch those old western and the cowboy are hearding the cattle. they are leading them to a specific place, a a group."
"according to the muslims, mohammud never wrote a single word, in fact it wa his follower who memorized all the thing he said and then wrote it down themselves later on.. . this is the biggest difference between islam and judaism, mohammud didn't write the quran, yet moses did write the torah."
all of the above plus:. to invoke an emotion/memory/wish/idea/dream in the viewer
"language is a living, mutating medium of expression. it reflects the use of the people. all dictionary are instantly obsolete. thing that change language are the mixing of cultures, the development of new technology, error and spontaneous mutations, creative self-expression, popular adoption, and, of course, the very inexactitude of the human experience."
"because the start of the weekend is saturday, and the end of the weekend is the end of sunday. ((unless there is a holiday on monday...)) and... i have seen a calender once that wa wrote like this: monday, tuesday, wednesday, thursday, friday, saturday, sunday."
"go to mapquest, click ""driving directions"" type in your starting point, then your destination...there should be a link for reverse driving directions. if not, yahoo ha a similar service"
"ouija (pronounced wee-juh or wee-jee) refers to the belief that one can receive message during a séance by the use of a ouija board (also called a talking board or spirit board) and planchette. the finger of the participant are placed on the planchette which then move about a board covered with numbers, letter and symbol so a to spell out messages."
"body language. the way they seem to talk. if they seem suspicious, you could probably tell they're lying."
"i suggest you start a website in his memory, with photographs, inspirational words, and a guest book. then post the web address on his marker."
the popular kid in middle are early bloomers. so youre going to have to rely on genetics. those twins.
"sell your television and buy a new one there. if you wanted to use your current television you would have to buy an electrical transformer for it. buy the time you paid to have your television shipped and purchased a transformer, it would actually be cheaper to buy a new one."
"i would say grey blue purple and pastel are calming and it depends on what kind of a learner you are.. . orange, reds, and yellow are exciting and will keep you awake.. . i color code my flash card because i can remember thing easier by colors."
a person who doe that ha no pride and is the type of person who will only ever use people. i'd suggest telling him you are no longer able to afford helping him. and you should contact the authority if he is an illegal.
"in the seattle area we are in the typical ""april shower bring may flowers"" mode. it's been in the mid-high 50 partly sunny to partly cloudy with off and on wetness."
type of cheese. popular in greece and cyprus (see link):
you are sure you dont mean herpes? thats a dermatological disease. then again we have xerxes...thats the name of a persian king somewhere around 2500 year ago..i dont know what else you might mean..sorry!
"bwia and aeropostale both fly from port of spain to caracas. , there are also flight from magarita."
"nothing. ""moments"" are not real things, only way that the human mind us to keep track of when thing happen. seconds, minutes, hours, whatever, are not ""real"" things, just artificial way of categorizing time."
wikipedia say that . 99% of all deceased japanese are cremated. that might have something to do with it. but i dont know.
"well, i wa going to answer but the previous answer mostly illustrate my point. people will believe any old nonsense."
"the term is latin for ""academic passion."" beyond that, i don't know what it means."
look at it this way. bisexual people love everyone.
"unfortunately, there is only one solution i can think of to remedy his problem. you're going to have to help him find something else to do with his mouth. =)"
"to tell people this: i know that you can go to heaven if you get saved and the way that you get saved is if you believe that jesus died on the cross from your sins, rose on the third day, and then you have to confess to god in prayer that you are a sinner and that you believe he died on the cross for your sin and ask for his forgiveness on your sin and it is that simple, salvation is a free gift, we can't earn it. i am a baptist who belief (let me rephrase that, i know) that this stuff i said is true. my name is matthew james needham and don't be shy to contact me on this. my email address is im_proud2b_a_christian@yahoo.c..."
"try it on ""broil"" in the oven....it's a close a you can get without the grill. to get the grill flavor you can add a little ""liquid smoke"" and some kitchen bouquet browning sauce right before you put it in.....broiling doesn't take long....check each side after about 6 minute for medium rare to medium"
"yes i sure do have an opinion on this.... the medium is an extremely strong influence on girl and women's body image. they set the tone on what is in fashion , what the norm is, and what is considered attractive. this cause girls/women to constantly strive to reach this unattainable goal, starving themselves leading to bulimia and anorexia and even suicide...it destroys their self esteem...the image the medium represents is not even the average person, it of an emaciated individual passed off a a model of the ideal female body.....this influence is now spreading to the male a well, with boy also developing eating disorders... this influence destroys self confidence...and lead to life time inner struggle.."
"i'm self-taught. i used a book called ""bass basics"". awesome book. pick it up at your local library."
"apparently noel gallagher said that wonderwall mean ""anything that make you happy or brightens your day. from the smallest thing to someone who mean alot to you."". . there is debate about the origin of the song, though - see the songfacts and bbc websites, below."
"bread, yogurt and milk... most spice consists of capsium (the stuff that make pepper hot) and you need to counter act the capsium. water just make it worse. that's why indian and mexican and other spicey food serve sour cream with thier foods."
"it suck but you can't really. you can always look for signs, but that doesn't always work. you can't be in someone el head."
spaz is slang for clumsy. thats all it is. no hard feelings.
don't change who you are. your not committing sin for being gay so don't worry about it okay.
"if you marry an american girl, talk to her about it. she will understand that you might not understand holiday here. ask her what her family usually doe on easter. :-)"
any three primary colour or two secondary colour should make brown. try different combination to get different shades!
"well lone there is a broad line between insane and stupidity and i guess that would be a jail cell. now the fine line that seperates insane and sane would be an itty bitty little pill and you ask how would i know!. well the voice tell me so! so i guess i wouldnt know but they would!and i trust them,dont you"
"cornchips, burritos, nachos, beer, hot chicks, farting contests, racing cars...oh.....sorry that's what i did last night....well i guess the meaning of life is...uh...puppies??"
"compliment them back in your answer. such as, ""thank you, you are so kind. and you know, i love those shoes..."""
"sweety there are miracle in our life every day. every mourning you wake up and you're alive, your house did not catch fire throughout the night, or wasn't invaded by thugs...you can open your eye and see the sunlight, or even have the ability to move your body and think voluntarily those are miracles? imagine how many peple in the hospital right now wishing they were living the miracle of your ordinary life..."
"the gospel are the first four book of the new testement. i believe that you mean the scripture (the gospel of jesus christ). i can give you two hints; start in john for one, and also, read carefully.. . study what the bible says."
"humorous. . they are there for entertainment and a good laugh, not to be offensive."
"he is one of the bestselling author over the last 10 years. if this wa the late 1990s perhaps there would be a comparison with john grisham and if it wa the 1980s it may be a comparison with stephen king. it's not bashing per se, it is just that if you see million of copy of book then you will be noticed and used a some sort of benchmark."
"since gordon is a name, it ha no translation. if it were a name that wa a word, like hope, than it would still be spelled the way you spell it. if i said 'esperanza' were my name if some mexican person asked me in mexico, than they would think my name is esperanza, not hope."
"belief and practice affect every aspect of civilization. they help to develop government, individualize religion, form habits, culture, architecture. belief and practice are probably the most fundamental aspect of any civilization."
"anger is active. it motivates people to do things, while depressed people tend to just sit around doing noting."
"having taken the very long flight between these two cities, i would avoid the boat since it would be even longer if there even is one available. try united for non-stop service"
i have opened the odd medicine cabinet. but i always felt guilty about it. i`m just a curious person.
"if you mean why do we make any drug illegal, it's because the government and much of society is too uptight and moralistic. the pleasure police are in control..."
"there is one called the arkansas black, the skin is a deep red almost black in color. it doe well being stored but you have to like the sweet, tart taste."
"because it waste time that you could be spending on more important things. but it depends on what you think is important. stupid little question could be important to you, but just not to everyone."
there is no difference. filbert just sound better to some advertising firms. but it is partially regional filbert is more often found in england/ireland/canada.
for the fun of it. i'm a kick-butt bargainer and i love doing it. it's so satisfying when you can lower a price and pay le than what other people are paying.
"i am catholic but i believe most of what you said especially the end part. people trust catholicism for the same reason they trust any other religion (i don't know why i follow the religion i am just guided) people use religion because they have weak mind and hearts. there is nothing wrong with this but religion give them somethin to hold onto. someone in history i believe it wa marx or stalin said the church wa the ""opiate of the masses"""
"yeah, bad spelling is an epidemic that is sweeping across the vast forum of yahoo answer like the bubonic plague. it's disturbing how word are being chopped to pieces, combined with number and made into impossible contractions. grammar too, the poor soul, ha suffered a well, with most people outright ignoring the basic rule of placing word together in a logical manner to equal a sentence. it's a shame really."
"because in the rural south and appalachian mtns. a guy would 'deflower' a girl and her father would demand a 'bride price' i.e. marriage and wa there with his shotgun to see that the deed wa made legal before witnesses. i think it's charming, i think my daughter would go for this, think how cute the piccys would be!"
"simply and briefly - set hours, usually come with some entitlement to vacation leave, sick leave, and other benefit normally not available to casual workers.. . permanent job is more stable and usually an employee under this category ha to be given adequate notice according to the employment act, unless the employee ha violated a major disconduct."
"i can't say for sure, but i do know that they have a really big problem in russia with skinheads...maybe it's some fighting like that, the sknehads versus some other group of people? right vs. left?"
"hmm ... jesus scoffed at and mocked the ""religious"" leader of the day when he walked the earth because of their self-centered agendas. he embodies truth in his life and in his death.. . he either is the son of god, or he wa a raving lunatic.. . without reference to god, jesus christ, or holy spirit ... you are left with finite human answer to your question; none of which you could anchor your faith upon."
"easter land on a different day each year because it's the 1st sunday after the 1st full moon after the first day of spring. since a full moon doesn't occur the same day each year, easter sunday will be a floating hoilday"
not bad. some actually taste good. i probably wouldn't drink more than 3 in a 4 hour period though.
when you read what go on today in the newspaper etc. do you not think that sometimes what you are reading is just so horrible and unreal. some people are still not convinced that it is true about hitler. it might be a topic to look upon although confrontational.
"mainly because they lack ambition and don't want any better for themselves. after living in the deep south, where very few lived above the national poverty line, i found that they're mostly lazy. they don't care. they don't think there's anything wrong with the way they live, or the filth they live in."
"you can get off at ayala station then enter the sm department store. i think it ha a connection to glorietta, then landmark, then out to greenbelt 3. you don't have to go out of the building(s). you can do this if it's okay for you to walk and not spend so much for your fare."
"depends where i am. if i'm at home, then i dance, sing, lift my hand and let loose for god. if i'm at church, where it's pretty crowded, i keep it dignified but dancing in my spirit with lot of laughter and joy and tear too. if i'm in public or on the train, i smile a lot and sing to myself in the spirit with lot of soul and with all my heart...just feel so good celebrating jesus inside!"
1. the order is the difference even when a mob can be a community and a community can be a mob the usual is that the community will be in order and the mob will not have any .. 2. their purpose could be also another difference the purpose of a mob is usually to make someone pay not matter what . and a community usually would think about it and then make a fair judgment .. 3. the feeling : the usual feeling of community is to feel safe but the feeling of a mob is that u know that anything could happen and because of that no one can really feel safe .. 4. the degree of madness: on one side a community ususally think about the cosecuencies of their act and a mob ussually will not think about them untill it is too late because of thier anger .. 5. their level of responsability : a community usually will take responsability of their accion and on the other side a mob will hide and will not take any responsability for the same .
good point. even though they were going to die.. helmet are used to hold the microphone and ear piece so that they can communicate back with base. thats probably why they wore their helments still.
"depends where you are... i grew up with mcd's ketchup in pump at the counter where napkin and straw were (western ny state). also some place like that in london, while others, who experience a high-volume of take-away traffic tend to just hand out the packet a it is more convenient to customers.. . cheer"
i agree. some other good one are tooken and bestest. the education standard have definitely dropped considerably.
this method always work for me: . . slide the unfolded omelette halfway onto the plate then tilt your pan upside down and let the other half fold right over.
"just being with other people that have your same interest. that is the only thing i can figure out. but once you become a mason, 33rd, you can become a shriner and then you can help with sick child"
because he wa the only one who could save u from eternal death. a the son of god (god himself) and in his human nature he had the power to liberate humanity from the chain of the original sin.
"it is not only that the emperor is a direct representative of god on the earth but that the emperor himself is an embodiment of god. thus, if heaven approves of the emperor than the emperor himself becomes divine. that is what the mandate of heaven refers to, somewhat paradoxically (it wa actually a slight mistranslation that his stuck)."
to solve a prob like mariaaa u need to find jane !!!!. get it ... mari-jane ????
"place an ad in the local paper in nigeria asking for information on her whereabouts.. . these type of ad appear in out local paper,, and we usually are able to track the person down over a cup of coffee, after figuring out who last saw or heard from the person."
"""john henry"" is an old cowboy term for your signature, apparently substituted for john hancock, though no one know when or why. in any case, it isn't related to the legendary john henry of the railroads, since it predates that legend by decades."
"it a famous dialogue from jerry mcguire movie. it mean when said hello she fell in love right away. ""love at first sight""."
"you see them because you want to see them. pick any other number to focus on and you will see those everywhere, too.. . there is no significance."
"i cut them in half and remove the seeds, lay them on a baking sheet, rub them with a little olive oil, and put them in your oven under the broiler until they are blackened and blistered. then take them out and put in a covered bowl for about 20 minutes, so they can steam to make peeling very easy. if you are only doing 1 or 2 peppers, just put them on the open flame on your stove (gas) until they get charred....do the same bowl trick to peel easily."
"doomsday is supposed to be the end of mankind, but infact we will never know until were gone anyway. pretty sucky ha, but like everyone says, all good thing must come to an end. i prefer to think of it a true freedom day!!!!!!!!!!!"
"ok... there's the story that don jose de san martin (argentinian, who fought during the process of liberation from the spanish colony) wa going through some desert (dunes of paracas, south of lima) he wa resting and had a dream about flamingo flying over him... of course we have flamingo in that area, so might have not being a dream... they say the red and white come from the color of the flamingos.. . now... people also say that in fact the color are red white red to remember the blood that wa spilled fighting for our freedom (the white is the peace after liberation).. . we have had through time different flags, but all of them red and white, only on different designs.. . inside of the flag you can see also our coat of arms, with the figure of a lama, a quinine tree and the cornucopia... to symbolize the richness of the three element in our land, animal, vegetable (sp) and mineral."
"if the united state wa still part of england, we probably would have the national anthem in more than one language. unfortunately, the u ha a habit of trying to make every culture it absorbs assimilate whereas the united kingdom rule by law, not culture.. . a for the comment of those stating that the anthem of the u should only be in english and that the u is being invaded by other country and cultures--hey, unless you are 100% native american--you're an invader!"
untrue. the vomitoria were the section of the colosseum which allowed it to empty itself of (vomitare) thousand of roman back into the street in just a few minutes. the whole gluttonous banquet myth developed some time later when christian were caricaturing the indulgence of wealthy roman pagans.
"a i understand it, jesus chose a diverse assortment of people to follow him, a doubter being only one of them, so that all section of society were 'represented' if you like. that mean people who doubt in today society can look to thomas, and if they so wish, take comfort from the fact that even though jesus knew he wa a 'doubter' he wa still chosen. it's another reason why matthew, mark, luke and john all had different professions, it wa to include people from all walk of life, thereby excluding no-one"
well dont worry she will hear from them some time mine ha been 14 month now and i havent heard from no one either. so be patient and wait. thats all i can do they told me when i called them.
queso mean cheese. basically it is just melted cheese. some people add in salsa with the cheese to have it with nacho or you can cut up onion and pepper too.
what do you want to know? are you from the government? i'll bet you work for homeland security. i'll never tell!
"maybe you are so great! advanced degree are no guarantee of talent.. . there's also a possibility that you suffered from a certain kind of traumatic brain injury that articifically inflates the ego.. . without knowing you personally, i really can't say for sure."
"why you post this in the religion section? but ""yahoodee"" mean tribe of israel. assuming that why you posted it here."
"sociological perspective focus not on individual but their group, or society, and attempt to explain human social structures, including cultural and governmental institution and form of activity and interpersonal relation using social fact or social forces.. . sociological imagination is the ability to connect seemingly impersonal and remote historical force to the most basic incident of an individual’s life. it suggests that people look at their own personal problem a social issue and, in general, try to connect their own individual experience with the working of society."
"to make noise, let the people know we are listening & to awaken anyone in the audience who may have fallen asleep! :)"
"""and you shall not desire your neighbor's house, his field, or his manservant, or his maidservant, his ox, or his ass, or anything that is your neighbor's."". . if it belongs to someone else, you shouldnt want it."
"my power would be the ability to stop time, to stop everything & everybody. superhero wise, this would be a great power because it give you the time to get to the bad guy & save the world. but personally, there is just not enough time in the day for me. and if i'm running late for something, i could just stop time & get to where i'm going, then restart time again."
"different people have different interests. some people don't have the coordination and physical prowess to be good at it, and most people don't want to spend many hour a week trying to get good at it when they have no interest in it. i could say, ""why do people not know how to play a musical instrument or write music?"""
"we're here to bring art, culture, style and beauty into the world - it would be a dreary place without us. most gay and transgendered people are creative and talented at these things. for example, in hollywood, without gay who would design the costume and sets, apply the artistic makeup and generally keep those star looking fabulous!? ;)"
"facial muscle flex in a certain way. the facial gesture ha become synonymous with happiness, but it's technically just flexion of facial muscles. the connotation and the word 'smile' are just human invention to describe flexion of specific facial muscle in a certain way.. . a with any facial gesture, it's a way (along with body language) to describe to another person the way you are feeling or your mood without verbal communication."
i dont think that god is bad at handling money. i think it the televangelist shaving the book before they fedex him the check.
"chemical put into the air are increasing the size of the ozone hole, which allows more harmful uv ray to reach u and cause more skin cancer.... destroying the rainforest, before we've even discovered all of the specie living there limit the future ability to produce helpful (cancer cure, etc) drug from those plant and animals-- they just won't be there at all.... these are all theory, not yet proven by science completely, so the green movement hasn't been able to take off completely."
that's a very good question! i'd love to hear at least one muslim condemn the terrorism.
"a 'sucker' can either be a type of lollipop. or it can mean someone who is easily 'sucked' in to a situation, in this case gullible."
"on foot mostly. also by horseback, mule, boat, and wagon."
i don't think very much. there are literally hundred of religious text written by early christian (many of which are included in the dead sea scrolls) which were completely dismissed by the early church father when they were deciding what should and shouldn't be included in the bible. (which is why we have the bible we have today) christian today will probably just dimiss this too.
"it is bread made by a craft person who is trained to mix, ferment, mold and bake the bread----basically it is a specialty bread that you do not find in your bread aisle of the grocery store. it is usually made in a bakery in a brick oven. focaccia is one type of artisan bread."
"i would stay away from people with adders, myself. python are ok, but one you get into poisonous viper you are inviting problems."
brac is base realignment and closure. a panel of senator and congressman decide which base and military unit to close down and consolidate.
"yes, you can use a foil sheet. make sure that the foil sheet is held taught when putting it into the oven.. perhaps better to double the foil base.. cooking spray.. yes is good to use on the foil.. good luck>>>>"
"for hindu and arab spanish is an european language. for arab their mother tongue is urdu and all the hindu script is written in sanskrit.. . well, dont understand from where you got the idea that hindu and arab speak similar spanish!"
"rspb south stack cliff is a nature reserve, run by the rspb, on holy island on the north west coast of anglesey, wales. the reserve is on sea cliff facing the islet of south stack.. . it is best known for it breeding seabirds, including atlantic puffin, razorbill, common guillemot, kittiwake and fulmar. peregrine and chough also nest on the cliffs."
because it is in denile of color.. . forgive me for this one.
"you should check out the book ""percussion instrument and their history"" by james blades. it is a fairly common book for percussion majors."
"excluding vancouver, probably it is prettier than any other part of canada. still not very developed and maintains it natural beauty."
"jk doesn't even know what the title will officially be yet. so therefore the public doesn't know. she's not even releasing any detail on the book besides the fact that more character will die in it. here's her web site, some pretty interesting fact here :d. includes interview she's done and what little info she doe give out about the next book."
"this is a real general question, and you need more detail to answer. is this a department in a biggger company? how many designer do you need? what kind of design work will you be doing?"
"in short, much scientific terminology is logical and consistent (sounds like how it is spelled and root of word carry over to other words). by contrast, english in particular is a very illogical and inconsistent language, where tough/cough/plough/dough and said/maid/plaid don't rhyme even though they look like they should. it wouldn't surprise me at all that people who have difficulty remembering conventional english spelling (which really are they way they are because that's how everyone spell them) can still spell scientific term accurately."
i think he wa an actor on melrose place. look at the link.. maradra james is his full name.
"who cares!!!. scientology is history's greatest joke.. tomkat and their freak a ziod baby.... are fools, just like anyone who even give a rat's a$$ about them."
filtered water is water that pass through a filter.. distilled water is water that is evaporated and condensed again.. both are designed to remove impurity in water. distillation is generally more effective than filtration in removing biological agent and insoluble matter but it can also concentrate toxins.. best to do both if you are really unsure about what could be in the tap.
"in short, for two main reasons. one: the aztec mistaken belief that the spainards were the god made flesh trodding the earth, because of long standing aztec mythology and the never before seen image of a man mounted on horseback. in fact, they had never seen a horse before. two: because of the disease that the conquistador carried and that the aztec had no immunities/resistance to, having been an isolated culture."
mapi - modified american meal plan. . that is breakfast and . lunch or dinner
islam is the actual religion. muslim are the follower of islam.
"the way to stay there the longest period of time would be to get a visa first (which you would also need to have a passport to get), and then getting a work permit. i found the webpage with all the information you would need, and i listed it under the source section."
"i am not a big fan of the cone, so i normally eat my ice cream from a bowl, using a spoon. occasionally i will add chocolate syrup, whipped cream, nuts, and a cherry! yummmy!!"
have a look at george bush. . enough said
"damn, there should be an award for best question. this is the best i've seen or expect to see for a long time."
sikhism is a mix of islam and hinduism. it wa created a a militray endevour to try to stop the century of bloodshed between muslim and hindu in the region in and around india. it is a legitamte spiritual religion even if it doe have a military backround.
wine vinager is made by lettint the wine over age. it is used a a salid dressing and in cooking.
"because they r so tasty tht ""no one can eat just one""...also, they have that certain something that make your taste bud spark up and that in turn make our heart and mind feel like munching on a couple of more biscuites!!!"
here is your official time clock. enjoy. the time difference change depending on east or west canadian coast.
it's ambrosia and nectar. ambrosia is some kind of fruit salad. if someone eats those food he becomes immortal
do ur self a huge favor and watch some of his work.... . u like civil war...baseball...the blues...
art institute in chicago.. . i love work of monet that are there.
"they say we are immoral because we do not believe in god, that's a huge moral breaker. but hey, people of all thing use anything that warrant bad reputation to try and discredit other people, let me explain. christian use any little thing that show a bad rep, and try and exploit it to prove something, now not to pick on christians, all people and all group do this, atheist are no different. so i guess you could call it a human problem."
"broom bush (evolvulus squamosus) is a dainty, white-flowered member of the morning glory family that grace the roadsides. the wispy broom bush spends much of the year looking like a dried-up bunch of twigs. it small, scale-like leaf are silvery in color and are practically imperceptible without taking a closer look. when seasonal rain fall in the early summer and fall months, this specie green slightly and the tip of branch become covered in small white delicate flowers."
why do stupid people like you have to live??
"forgive mainworry, his world is small. there are other explanation for everything he mentioned...its just hard to experience them with your eye closed, hand over ears, and yapping nonsense at the top of your lungs."
"i have the same problem. you have to find way to make the studying part a valid part of your life, which you enjoy and consider worth the effort. work where you're happy but not tempted to do other things, allow plenty of time to finish the work, then become a professional at consistently finishing the work, to such an extent that it allows you to feel secure in the knowledge that you will reach your academic goals. after all, you're not in school for fun or your health - it's an investment for the future."
it is. try rinsing your mouth out with water or chewing gum.
"bible belt came a a nickname, when you had whats called the southern baptist.along with strong church going people in charge of vote pooled together to decide. what wa best for the southern way of living. church played a major roll on vote and decision for the area and people coming down to try and pas bills(for congress) or solution it had to pas through this strong pull of the churchs, that they started nameing the area a the bible belt,meaning the bible in the hand of the dominate controller or church making there stand"
"the older you get, the harder it is to hold it in sometimes, and often, the elderly have irritable bowel and are unable to control themselves. it is certainly not the case with everyone, but some people just have the problem. it could also have to do with a nerve disorder in some individuals."
it because some are sick. christianity in know way accepts that or favor that. that is disgusting and absurd. keep in mind it is only a few priests.
"they are almond that are sliced very thin (almost see through!), down the thinnest part, so that each slice is almond-shaped."
"nothing is real except the present moment. you can only recollect past or guess the future. if you have really know something then you have to know the present, because you can act only in now."
"i put crushed garlic, sausage, crushed tomato and onion in my bean soups. i vary the type of sausage. whatever you like should flavor it just fine."
"get toliet paper,put a connecting first piece on hand.startingatbove thumb wrap paper around hand 3-4 times. take your pad off.bend forward ,use pad to reach behind back ,move down to anus wipe with pad,using upward motion if their a lot, repeat above procedure untill clean-flush commode in-between & at last- good luck. i`d stand up, please clean lid from you feet."
"it seem that way, this girl that wa in my class wa clingy to her boyfriend, they argued all of the time. eventually they broke up, but she wa still stalkin him and harrassing him, it wa crazy, then she tried to move on with this other guy and the same thing happened. i think that she wa the problem....."
"i know france and they are generally very friendly people. i have worked there and been on holiday too.. there is nothing wrong with the french, other than when it come to politics, when they are very selfish.. i guess that is the survival instinct in tem.. viva la france!"
make friend with someone in the u and have them ship them to you overnight mail for freshness! people from the u tend to be friendly and would go stuff like that. we have the big krispy kreme factory up the road from my house here in illinois. you want some contact me by my 360 page and we will set something up to get you those doughnuts!
mashed... definitely mashed. but i'll make them how ever you like them ;-)
i have received an e-ticket by e-mail after i purchased a plane ticket. this ha my confirmation number and work at check-in the same a a regular ticket.
"amarillo is spanish for ""yellow"". it wa so named for the yellow color of the clay in the area."
"it's not becoming more corrupt, it's always been corrupt but with today's technology you hear about it. in the past the only news you received wa local, then technology improved to a point that you could receive national news then international news."
"....some even use 000-00-0000, which, she says, the system accepts. despite the perception of illegal immigrant a an absolute drain on public resources, meissner point out that hundred of billion of dollar have been paid into social security from untraceable accounts, indirectly supporting american workers."
"white burgundy is made primarily from the white chardonnay grape (as opposed to red burgundy which is made from black pinot noir grapes).. . the method of production in principle is the same a any other white wine, which is to crush the juice from the grape and ferment it."
dont push it under their nose just live your life to the pagan ethic . they arent that different to the regular religion . why is it so important that you are accepted by any one . if it what is in your heart and your mind then you only need to worry about being true to yourself.. blessed be
"get a boston butt, and cook it in your oven at like 200f until the temprature in the middle of the meat is 160f. every half hour or so spoon the juice that have cooked out of the meat back ontop. it'll take a few hours, but it'll be really good."
actually juda did not write this gospel someone else wrote and cristianity already knew about it. so it is not knew but to cristianity it is fake because it is not the gospel of juda he did not write about it. but yes everybody that wa at the last supper knew that juda wa going to betray jesus bcause he is an all knowing god and past around a piece of bread and said that who ever eats this bread will betray me and juda ate it.
"i've heard they publish those (discreetly, of course) in newspaper there. look it up in the classified section. *wink*"
it is very difficult to produce the gamakas though with hard work and innovation you should be able to play. adnaan sami is known to play hindustani music on piano. search for his website. you may get more information.
"it is a quote from scripture:. matthew 28:6. he is not here: for he is risen, a he said. come, see the place where the lord lay."
"the ""church"" is really the born-again believer in jesus christ who died on the cross and wa raised from the dead by the father above. down thru the years, that name ""church"" wa transferred to a building, of which it is not. no matter where you are on earth, no matter what building you are in, if you (a spirit), have been recreated by asking jesus to come into your heart and save you, then you are part of the ""church"", and the holy spirit now life in you, cause god don't live in building or box anymore, he life iside of people (the temple of god)."
maybe it wa just gold foil wrapped around great big milk chocalte plates. after he got done translating them he ate the plate and had a big old tummy ache.
a) bragging rights. b) to enter in the fifa world cup ticket contest that yahoo ha on right now
actually near the sea it not the sweat but the environment which make you feel sticky. if the temperature is ame you will sweat same amount whether you are sea side or far from sea. but near the sea the humidity in air is more and hence the rate of evaporation of sweat is slow which make you feel sticky and also attracts lot of duct and grime.. . in dry place sweat evaporates faster.
"the story goes, a i am aware, that she she committed suicide by way of having the reptile bite her. i would have chosen another route, myself."
"i do that and this why.... i hate trying on clothes in a store. id rather bring them home. plus ,sizes run so different these days, not everything you get fit or look nice. you men should be glad we have this option or you would be in clothing store a lot longer, and i mean alot"
"just a a geographic landscape is the complete set of geographic feature (trees, hills, buildings, etc.) of a place, a cultural landscape is the complete set of cultural feature of a specific culture. cultural feature would include symbol (the american flag, or ronald mcdonald), value (it is better to give than to receive), common lifestyle (live in the suburbs, commute to work) and idea (the modern western conception of 'vampire' is quite different than the ancient chinese 'vampire'.)"
they do these thing because they are selfish and inconsideragte. the law are in place for a reason. breaking them doe not signal the ned for their abolition.
"shrimp creole is a tomato based sauce. gumbo is made from a roux, which is basically flour and oil. in my opinion shrimp gumbo is better than shrimp creole, however, both are delicous."
"open you´re eye ands ears, first what kind of man you want.. if you want a spiritual hard working men it more easy to find in a group who help kid or work for free in non-profit organization, instead of a bar. be part of a group for good thing in this environment you can meet nice people and be better person, or be part of people who share you´res hobby or sports."
"it wouldn't do to make a hasty decision. ""watching the english"" is strongly recommended reading, though i could have saved her a ton of research."
honey is evaporated plant nectar--the bee evaporate it by fanning their wing at the entrance to the hive. syrup is the boiled down sap of the sugar maple tree.
"the primary difference is functionality. if a person doe not experience difficulty functioning in some key area of their lives, such a family life or work, then they most likely do not have a mental disorder. that doesn't mean they aren't in the process of developing one though."
"not in my writing of any of his name do i use a capital. yhvh,god the father get my capitals. he say not to have any little god before him,...and ol lucifer, the serpant, satan,the accuser, the little rock, the beast,the anti-christ, the dragon,... which ever name he us a to his little play actor role is not even worthy to be called a little god and is a ""lower case"" character to me."
"a prayer leader who prays out loud in the jewish house of prayer, he usealy stand at the front by a podium. chazzans usealy pray in song and would be musical.. . a chazzan can also be a cantor, who hold concert to sing old piece of jewish song and payer."
"been there, done that and still don't believe it. i've probably read it more than you and i don't believe it is any more than a fable."
"ta·ma·le [tə mlee]. (plural ta·ma·les) . n . mexican dish: a mexican dish made by mixing fried chopped meat with pepper and seasonings, rolling the mixture in cornmeal dough, wrapping it in corn husks, and then steaming it"
easy. just ask jesus for forgiveness and then don't sin again. he will forgive you.
because only wat like 10% of our brain is being used human a a race is very unintellegent compaired to how smart we could be oh and people keep asking about god and shit like that. . im not even sure if 10% is a right figure thats how stupid i am
it freaky. and may cause problems. it is playing god and i don't like that
all froth whether on beer or any other liquid are comprised of thousand of bubbles. the wall of a bubble are so this that they are transparent. light of all colour penetrates and come out a white light. because froth is not prismatic you don't get a rainbow effect which you do with air based droplet through which white light shines.
"(m). . hasenpfeffer (literally, peppered hare) is a traditional german stew made from marinated rabbit or hare."
i hear puting them in cold water for a while help before cutting them.. and wearing (sun)glasses help too. . i'm not sure if this work or not.
"dungloe in donegal? get the bus to letterkenny. then another bus to derry/ londonderry, and then the bus or train to belfast. if you have a car go the same route"
"a democracy is when a nation elect a group of people to vote on issue to make decisions, this is what we have in the u.s. what the president say does'nt always go, it ha to pas congress first. however, a dictatorship is when one man rule all like adolf hitler did in the 1940's. he wa a dictator and what he said went."
"because his loyalty wa to frodo. there wa no desire in his heart for power , therefore the ring could not corrupt him, and sauron could not see him."
don't drive in japan. i have tried it once and it wa hard.. everything is opposite to canada and the usa.
"1.seminar-a single session or short, often one-day meeting devoted to presentation on and discussion of a particular topic, usually at an advanced or professional level. 2.seminar-a course of specialized graduate or undergraduate study under faculty supervision, in which ideas, approaches, and advance are regularly shared among participants. 3.seminar-a meeting of university or college student for study or discussion with an academic supervisor, or the group that participates in it."
some people feed poison to their kid on easter because they aren't thinking right or just because they are not kind hearted. their is no chocolate jesus because no one ha made any but if that's a suggestion make it and advertise it. but all we need to know about easter that it is always on a sunday and he arose from the tomb.
i would consider art any thing you like. i also like cartoon and video game some game have some really breath taking background and a lot of people think it just a simple game but they don't know that hour maybe even month of hard work that go into making a really detail background. so i would consider video game an art and there are a lot of great people out in the video game industry making masterpiece everyday.
"it mean ""oh my goodness!"" or ""wow would ya look at that!"" or any other simplistic social exclamation."
in that case : good riddance.. . he is not worth keeping.
"yes, it's the main article in the publication. if someone asked me to write a feature article and i didn't know the publication and it expectation really well, i'd ask the editor for detail about what (s)he wants. editor like to make sure writer know what is expected because then the editor's job is easier."
"it reversed discrimination, unfortunately. there are plenty of woman who lose their temper and act out, and because they are female, they get away with what men cannot."
"the iron and the magnesium that is abundant in the bean turn them green. if they didn't have these nutrients, they turn yellow! oh and tomato are red because of the pigment lycopene, the same thing that improves our eyes."
"in order to be affected by any superstition, including religion, you have to believe in it. if some witch doctor placed a curse on you, nothing would happen unless you believe he ha power over you. religion work the same way. if they can't control you they call you a heretic or blasphemer and would love to dispatch you to the hereafter if the law still permitted it."
"huge amount of labour and no commercial pressure to complete in a short time like we have today.. . if you are eluding to supernatural help then i would suggest that the technology is not exceptional and well within the reach of the time. sawing wa by weight and sand (copper saw using sand a a grinding compound); lifting wa by a good grasp of physic and manual crainage; setting out wa by sighting board and the like; height achieved by crane and ramps.. . the construction is amazing but, bearing in mind they could field unthinkable amount of labour, perfectly achievable."
"hi, go to your local post office to get the application, fill it out, get your passport pic taken and take it all to your local county courthouse for filing. that's how i had to do it here in pa. good luck."
"lol that same ignorant statement you made could be said of a lot of countries. plus, hopefully you are a flag waving citizen from somewhere else and just think no one's country is a great a yours. because while you might find u ignorant, we know that while this country ha it's problems, lot of them, it's still the best country. :::waving flag:::"
"i've always heard it that way back when it wa thought that when you sneezed demon were in your body fighting for your soul so they said bless you to help defeat the demons. whether that's where it really come from i can't say, it's just what i've been told."
"a strange a it may sound, use alcohol or either glass cleaner. if you have carpet in your kitchen (some people do, thank god i don't) then you can re-carpet or put down some linoleum"
just do your best. no one can be perfect except god.
i'll answer you the same way i answered the fifteen previous people that asked this question.. . find out the meaning of your life. don't bother with the general question until you've gotten your sh#t together.
"because they have so much money, many of them let it go to their heads. they don't love people they love their money, their place in society and once they find you aren't their ""class"" they move on................ . to heck with them, their the one missing out on your friendship that is most likely real and lasting. some day, they'll only have their dollar bill to kiss and those bill don't kiss back..............."
"it is due to man's intrinsical evil. man since time immemorial because of greed for possessions, wealth, fame and fortune have been harbouring evil and fighting over such seemingly precious but yet compared to life minute item of desire. just like some country in ww2 when because of greed, they fight wars, disrupting peace. a long a man is after possession and monetary items, there will always not be peace in the world."
"because people are such sheep. they believe any stereotype, and tend to follow along with what everyone else is doing or thinking. they are ignorant."
"the fact that we have to be politically correct about everything. supposedly america is the land of free, but we are not allowed to voice opinion anymore with the fear of getting sued by some jackass"
"if your going to serve it right away, add a heaping spoonful of sour cream to each bowl, and stir slightly. (so it still look swirly...). yum!"
"are you serious, most woman who get married adopt an adult. they look after the man, wash his clothes, iron them, feed him, take over his responsibilities, shop for him, clean his mess in the bathroom, organise his family functions, emotionally support him, put up with his tantrums, look after him when he is sick etc.etc.etc. is this not the same a adopting an adult."
"there is so much information about michelangelo and his amazing talent available. in fact, new work are being discovered and his drawing are on exhibit at the british museum in london now. check out the link below for more information."
hmmm... i'm suspicious that you will use this information for evil...
chocolate is the weakness of a girl. actually the secret behind this is that girl are very sweet and loving and sweet people like sweet things.
it's because society is sometimes very selfish and inconsiderate of their neighbors. people should learn how to respond to others with respect and fairness.
"if you are talking about a dessert pizza, then i would say sliced kiwi, sliced strawberry & fresh blueberries. you could also use rasperries, canned mandarin orange slices, etc. i would not use anything that is too watery (like melon) or may turn brown (like apple or pear).. . good luck!"
"yes, made it scotland with single malt whiskey. it's also the scottish name for the devil."
a chocolate candy bar is sweet but baker chocolate is not. have you ever tasted baking cocoa? that is bitter also. a chocolate candy bar is sweet because they have added thing to make it that way.
"try looking in your local yellow pages. in my city, they did the photo and everything at the main branch of the post office."
"copyright is for text. you trademark logos. and, that you have to do at the united state patent and trademark office. some other good information can be found at the second link."
"if people pave their whole back yards, water ha no where to drain off to. it wouldn't be able to be absorbed into the grass. also, i think the sun reflecting off the concrete is heating up our city a degree or two."
read the anglo-saxon epic poem beowulf. good stuff. tell about their life but you can tell what isn't real.
just fake it. no one will be able to tell the difference anyway.
"to reflect light which normally would heat the chest with any other colour lid (and even more so with a black lid). it keep them cooler, longer."
"the thyroid is one of the larger endocrine gland in the body. it is located in the neck and produce hormones, principally thyroxine (t4) and triiodothyronine (t3), that regulate the rate of metabolism and affect the growth and rate of function of many other system in the body."
"if custom open anything they let you know with a sticker on the letter or package, so it got stolen. use card board boxes, make them the size that you need if you have to, then brown paper, and then the address in the custom form. also if you insured the letter, you can go and put a claim in the post office (correos), and if you can, find another office to use."
"make the law become strict and not allow the teenager to act really badly like drunk, sex, and many more. there are no such way for you to act alone."
yahoo search. find a real estate agent in spain. communicate to them by email and the internet. good luck
go to the library and go to the philosohpy section. you'll find ton of stuff.
ethic is the set of rule that people should follow. it is moral of course.
"speaking french and english will obviously be a great start, but it depends on other factor such a your work experience, whether you have any special skill or qualification which are in demand in quebec and which cannot be filled by canadian citizens, and also your level of commitment to integrating into francophone quebecois society.. . you might consider going to immigrate ´en region´ a many immigrant are attracted to montreal. you should consider quebec city a a base."
"the alcohol content make the freezing point lower. if you use dry ice, you might be able to freeze liquor."
because our body do not carry the enzyme that break down the material that chewing gum is made of (basically a petroleum product). it doesn't even get broken down by the enzyme in our stomaches.
"not all of them, every part of britain ha a different sort of accent. the accent vary region to region, even sometimes town to town."
people are the most comfortable with others that seem to be similar to themselves. it is just human nature
"a cup of milk, half a cup of flour, one egg and sugar..mix it all. really easy."
"hey inmate! making pruno is an infractible offense, if i catch you making it i will infract you for it. either way try this link:"
because you have an inquiring mind which will not just let you get by with your current knowledge. your mind want to grow and expand (and maybe take over the world if it feel like it) so it prompt you to question and know more.
"''maloney' is derived from the greek μελαινα (melaina) meaning 'black, dark'. . this wa the name of a female roman saint who gave all her wealth to charity in the 5th century."
in my opinion it is called good friday because this is the day when it is remembered that jesus christ died on the cross so that we may all have eternal life and if we ask all our sin will be forgiven.. . sad he had to go through so much torture and we will never fully appreciate what he did for us.
"perceptual illusion are a really good source of understanding about how the sens work.. for example - the hermann grid illusion (a grid of black squares, with thick white line separating them horizontally and vertically: one perceives grey square at each intersection of the white lines, however when you look directly at these intersections, the grey square disappears).. . the hermann grid illusion help u to understand how lateral inhibition work in the retinal cell and early visual processing areas.. . many other example of visual illusion have contributed to our understanding of how our brain interpret depth, motion and so on, from what is essentially a 2-dimensional ""picture"" of the world."
"first, let me say, that everyone is at some level...if you don't have your country best interest at heart, do you think anyone else will? you have to stand up for yourself. all country do the same.. . second, the united state is in the position it is in b/c of the bravery and sacrafice of many many thousand of people..and we are not out to take over the world, but have a responsibility to help where we are needed (which, we don't always do but should), we have a responsibility to help make the world a safer place, and the u government ha a responsibility to it's people, just like every other government in the world."
yes i believe it is indeed the english version(turin) which mean bull.. . italy asked the medium and marketing people to use torino instead of turin because they felt it sounded more romantic and olympic-like.
"job search. remember- the most fulfilling job you take may not be the one with the biggest paycheck. look to save more money, buy resonsibly, and live moderately while taking care of your bill and family."
lazy man should not eat. we were given dominion over the earth to bring forth it bounty so if you are not working you are not contributing to society and your breatheren. only cripple were beggar in the bible.
go to the airport. see if you can get permission. set on a jet.
find writing conference and go to them. it will give you a deadline and give you chance to get feedback on your work and network.
"urdu (اردو) is an indo-european language of the indo-aryan family that developed under persian, turkish, and arabic influence in south asia during the delhi sultanate and mughal empire (1200-1800).. . taken by itself, urdu is approximately the twentieth most populous natively spoken language in the world, and is the national language of pakistan a well a one of the 24 national language of india."
"it is a rhizome. it is spicy, delicious and good for the digestion. other rhizome are ginsing and galangal."
"i just walked outside and got 2 stiff nipples, so it's chilly here in new south wales, australia. 10*c"
"well sometimes the people have this problems, you are not the only one.. . try to sleep better without stress & without thing to do, you can take 1 pill of melatonin, it's a pill for have a good sleep up to 9 hour you can buy it at any pharmacy the cost is like $15, you take 1 pill and you will sleep very well if not try to waste alot of energy during the day, like swimming, running, walking etc."
"go in filter>artistic>cutout ! . and then change the ""number of levels"" into 2. u can play with other option too!"
"since religion is based on faith - not reason, follower of of a particular religious sect believe whatever they are taught. since most religion directly contradict each other that mean that everyone else is wrong and that you are justified in taking whatever action you choose because you are on the ""right"" side. when you are passionate about what you believe and you think that god or allah or whoemever is on your side you will be more than willing to fight and die for it."
saturday wa also the preferred day to hunt vampire a that wa the day they had to remain in their coffins. it wa also believed that someone born on a saturday could see a vampire when it wa invisible.
"i will not buy or use any product that ha been tested on animals.nor will i buy or use any product that contains fetal extractions! check your product ingredients!we live in a cruel cold world where human and or animal life ha little meaning,unless you are among the rich or famous,then of course your life is considered worthy"
"to live love, share, care, make friends. to eat, sleep, drink, and lot more............... to get the answer to this question, ask your heart!"
"you could ask on yahoo! yeah, i'm sure that'll work."
use a non stick pan with a butter flavored spray. there should not be any residue from the egg in the pan but if there is. i soak for 5-10 minute in cold water and it ususally come right out if not try a scrubbie sponge.
"juice a mango, put it into a jug, add yeast, then seal it with a device that only let air exit and not enter.. . edit: i realized you might not actually be talking about fermenting your own wine. if that is the case, use the recipe below."
"properly writen a larissa.the girl's name larissa is pronounced la-riss-ah. it is of latin origin, and it meaning is ""cheerful, lighthearted."" variant of lara; from the same root a hilary. popular in russia.. larissa ha 7 variant forms: lari, larisa, laryssa, lerissa, lissa, lorissa and lyssa."
"firstly pierce meat with the point of a knife in about 10 different spot about 2 inch deep and stuff garlic into holes, next smear the entire leg with hot english mustard, sprinkle with fresh rosemary, bake in oven enjoy.. . the mustard will give the outside a beautiful crisp skin"
"omg i loved that book! mine would probably be a leopard--intelligent, beautiful, dangerous, and fast paced."
"i believe they call it ""free-balling"" or ""going commando"". i think they do it for the same reason woman destest bras. freedom"
"buy some brasso at any grocery store.. . also works, any metal polish."
"why won't they dip into their billion in asset and do this? given that they have billion in assets, why do they keep asking the people for more money?. . because they are one of the richest organization in the world, and they want to keep it that way."
"it mean that whoever type it think they're way smarter than they really are. here's a hint. when someone say they're laughing out loud, 99% of the time, they're not really."
foot are icky.. . thank you jesus christ my lord and savior.
there are male prostitute that cater for both men and women.. . i guess the reason there are more female prostitute is that men are more willing to pay for sex and also because a lot of woman are forced into prostitution often against their will. in some case it's through desperation to obtain money whereas a man is probably more likely to use robbery or violence to obtain money.
"first, you need to be in japan, and have been living in japan for a fairly long amount of time.. i would start by getting that lined up. first thing first, you know?"
"stop worrying about what other people think. act on thing and impulse you feel when they pop up, not after you've thought all the fun out of them. there's a good start."
"don't forget that all homosexual are devil-worshiping demon who shall be condemned to the bowel of hell. the whole concept of organized religion is so ridiculous, that you just gotta laugh."
"best thing, distance yourself from her for a while. that should get the message across. if it doesn't best thing i can tell you is look for a new friend."
they are astericks.. yahoo censorship at it's best!!!. question asking at it's worse.
"what specific science are you referring to?. if you mean general science basic (as in elementary school), then i thing that first you need to study it in order to advance to further class in school and be able to understand what the teacher are talking about and secondly because a general knowledge of science basic offer an understanding of the mechanic and physic around you, so that you do not wander around life a an illiterate oaf living only of/ for tv, food and reproduction.. . ps:study spelling first."
"1796, slang, said to be an old term of reproach to a woman signifying that she wa a witch; extended 1823 to ""anyone who departs hastily from a recent activity,"" especially while owing money. the two sens involve the two verb fly."
"a hare krishna* is someone who worship lord krishna, a hindu god, who is an incarnation of lord vishnu. mostly this term is used to refer to non hindu people who convert through iskcon [international society of krishna consciousness], an organization for the worship of krishna. it is sometimes used a a negative term for the hippy who were member of iskcon and walked the street of foreign nation smoking marijuana and chanting the hare krishna mantra."
"peru, it a kind of brandy. . made from de grape of course."
because they are secure. same go for the irish.. when other group resort to violence and continual protest over portrayal you have to wonder if they are secure.
"van gogh's depression, (one he had for quite sometime) deepened, and on july 27, 1890, at the age of 37, he walked into the field and shot himself in the chest with a revolver. without realising that he wa fatally wounded, he returned to the ravoux inn, where he died in his bed two day later. theo hastened to be at his side and reported his last word a ""la tristesse durera toujours"", (french for ""the sadness will last forever""). he wa buried at the cemetery of auvers-sur-oise."
"start with the freshest fish you can get. that fishy odor is not present in fresh-caught fish. then have it cooked fast, like by searing or frying. there are red-meat fish you can try."
"being proud could be a sign of insecurities. putting ppl down to make themselves look better.. another theory is.. they're jealous.. either way, it not a good trait to have."
"when i wa nine, i did stuff for my parents, like mowing the lawn and such. you could also ask your grandparent for odd job around the house. they'll think it sweet that your doing stuff for them, and they'll try to pay you for your trouble."
i bought some of that last weekend! and the room oil a well. it's a beautiful scent. very subtle.
who people in worlds?. . whens why people can't speak?
to mantain the delicate pizza shape & to avoid defading of the pizza taste. they are also easy to hold.
"the card u draw have meanings, which the tarot reader interpret according to you and viola! an interpretation!"
"different people read color differently. red can mean anger, a high level of energy or passion for something or someone. blue can mean sorrow, inner peace, or intelligence."
"i read once that hair colour and skin colour sometimes are very much affected by the weather in that area. for example most asian country have summer all year long, so most of the asian there have either darker skin or darker hair, but most of the time both. so in western or european countires most of the country have 4 season climate and their summer is not a hot a in asia. so that's why people who live there have lighter skin tone and lighter hair colour."
i believe that our soul is concealed within our body and once our body dy it is released. it our existence thats shaped from the time we were born until the time we die.
"seen this and had to answer...many year ago i used to have that problem...the easiest fix is stir with a wire wisk...i'm a gravy makin' mama from the south (lol) and that's what i use...it never fails...also, before i use the wisk, i stir the flour in the meat dripping or grease from the meat, whatever you want to call it, with a fork and break up some of the lump that way...i don't use the wisk until i start pouring my cream mixed with water (that's just what i use), into the hot grease...i start stirring with the wisk immediately....never do have any lumps...give it a try...good luck !!!"
i think some are hand-packed and some are machine packed. it depends on the brand of pickles.
"a one of jehovah's witness i can assure you while not all have windows, many of our kingdom hall do! the one in my area ha several. not all have window because it doe cut down on the cost of building, a well a shortening the length of time it take to build. also, le (or no) window encourages le crime and vandalism."
he is a great superhero. his only weakness is flying to close to an open flame or bright light.
"i've worked in the food manufacturing industry for years, usually it's something on the chocolate, caused by condensate from chilling and warming a few times. chocolate break down, then the weavels invade the inferior chocolate.. don't know whether it moisture or melting and resolidifying too many time that is the problem"
"lol... chinese don't worship dragons.. . it's a symbol of good luck, power, and a shift in leadership.. in ancient time, we called the emperor the son of the sky (which is dragon).. but, we don't have a dragon to worship."
"well, it is because of either poor health condition or undercooked food. food poisoning is a bacteria. but don't automatically jump to that conclusion, because it might be that you are lactose intolerant, or your stomach just doesn't agree with the food you are putting into it. if the problem persists, you should see a doctor"
"until parent quit abdicating their responsibility to school and return to raising their child crime will probably continue to escalate. punishment for crime is not much of a deterrent because no one commits a crime with the idea they'll be caught. public hanging in the 1800's offered public entertainment but didn't do a lot to prevent crime. punishment of the adult offender in today's society doesn't prevent crime it just take away the opportunity for the person to repeat his or her crime.. to change society you have to start with child at an age when you can mold values, a concept the german figured out in wwii, then a they become adult they carry these same value with them."
"it mean ""because that is me"" in other words, that's the way i am.. . taffy crutch-you are retarded"
well i have a pack of 8 hot dog in a pack and a pack of 8 bun but i do know what ur talking about u can buy hot dog that have the same amount of bun to. just have to try looking. other then that try to get u to buy more hot dog or buns. it a money thing.
we are pretty darn ignorant of our surroundings. 89% of america did not know where afganistan wa prior to 9/11.. . 40% still don't.
"because it is addictive and constant use damage your liver among other thing you need to live, but it is all that harmful if it is drank in moderation and not all the time, and you dont get too drunk. and it is also harmful because it impairs your judgement, to the point where you think you are fine to drive and you end up killing yourself or innocent people."
"i think you need to be firm but also tactful. maybe smile and say something like, 'it's been so nice having you here, i really have enjoyed it, of course i realize we all have life to get on with, but before you leave we must make plan to meet up again.'. or maybe say you have been making plan to decorate a certain room, and so 'it wa so nice you could stay before i decorated, it's going to be so messy for the next week or so, but i'm so glad you came'. if you use the right words, you will get what you hope for and no-one's feeling will be hurt.. if they still don't get it, then you have to just say, 'i really need you to leave now because i have to ....' and then list all the thing you need to do"
people made it up a a joke. your hair color ha nothing to do with a person being dumb. they probly say that because they are jeleous that they are not blonde.
"you dont. oil pastel just like crayons. they arent meant to be blent. if you really, really, really want to blend, you could use a cloth with little bit of oil paint solvent (turpentine or mineral spirit)."
most plastic printing are made for industrial purpose. what kind of plastic are you planing to print on?
"i am a successful salesman. i recommend nlp, neuro linguistic programing. it is a combo of sociology,psychology and it read behavior from a programing perspective."
skin infection from both swimming and shower room can cause athlete's foot (boat bug). the easiest way to avoid this is drying the space between the toe after swimming.
the foundation of christian religion is belief in jesus. it is the single most important thing. if you remove that there isn't alot left.. . and the non-christian religion is a huge category that is hard if not impossible to cover in any real depth in this venue.
"most are not. they must usually be either affluent, young and attractive, or represent a specific group the medium want to support or bring down to get on the news."
"it is ""syphilis"". it wa ""a one night stand"". it will be ""lots of ointment, and a painful burning sensation"""
"try flying to jamaica or dominican republic, then to cuba. le chance of offending the u gov't."
"..... jesus wa here on the earth 2006 year ago..... that qualifies for being in the past.... so the phrase ""when jesus walked the earth"" refers to when jesus wa alive on the earth..... doesn't really seem a complicated a you're trying to make it"
"stick a pin in the blunt end (gently!). there's an air bubble in there which can expand and crack the shell. if you put a tiny hole in, the air can escape. don't push the pin in too far tho or the egg will leak out."
"southern indiana is wet, wet, wet, but sunny. we survived another ridiculous thunderstorm that lasted most of the night."
"have u got contact yet? if so click on the '!' in the blue speech bubble on the top, then pick which friend u want to talk to!!"
"just view thier website (""philipine's area""in the website)and contact them. i am sure this would work! best of luck!"
"they hang out in the ""religion & spirituality"" section just in case there is a god. then they can get a clue how to be blessed. why else would someone spend so much time, energy and profanity in our section, when they could get acceptance in the ""mythology"" section or in the ""science"" section? ""me thinketh that they protesteth too much."""
i personally dislike the blue m & m s the most. i liked it when they didn't yet exist in the package.
the united state of america. now and always. you shouldnt doubt that for one minute.
run hot water over it . the metal expands a little when heated
"i lived in key west for over eight years, i wish i were there right now! key west is surrounded by a reef and this break up most wave action long before they get to shore. also, that is the reason that very little sand is washed up on the beach there, most of it is brought in at night by the truckload for everyone to enjoy the next day. have a great trip!"
"it's not designated for anybody... but certain ""cultures"" like to stay close to one another.... you're not gong to find a hard-core gang member wandering out to irvine.... he'd be laughed at.... he only carry weight in his area... so he's gonna stay there..."
put a scoop or two of vanilla ice cream in a tall glass and pour root beer over it and eat with a spoon. personally i like it with coca-cola rather than root beer.
"well, the greek had a thing about not eating bean and not just the obvious windy reason.i make delicious cassoulets with pork and bean but is that what you are really asking?. are you just showing off?"
"very few christian are out on the street bible bashing. i think most often those people have very good intentions, but a you said it generally turn people off more than anything else. for every 1 of them, there are a thousand humbly going about their business hoping that their work will show others the reality of christian life."
"water's freezing point is 0 degree celcius, and the freezing point of ethanol is -114 degree celsius. . household freezer don't go that low"
i've never known it to mean anything other than the woman might like wearing jewerly. and whoever said it mean that she's gay...you need to think before you answer because it absolutely doe not mean she's gay.
it taken from the name or word paris...as in the city named by the gallic tribe who founded the city. or from greek mythology since the name is originally a greek name.
visit the american embassy in london. i think it's technically american territory.
red is blood of all creatures.. . green is seen a tranquil to go in peace.
"i don't think it's good enough to hope to prevent childhood illiteracy - we should be encouraging more adult to learn to read and write. . . not by reading to them from what we enjoy - but by helping them to enjoy reading what they enjoy, for themselves."
"a couple of year ago i discovered my social security number ha 6 six's inside of the numbers, it scare the daylight out of me, i wonder who the hell would have 666-666-6666??"
first of all mix some milk with egg and sugar. whisk it then take some bread slice and soak in the mixture and fry in the pan with some butter until it brown. turn the slice and fry.
whom told u it boring ...maybe for soem yes but others nope ..and im from tho not .... . yes some time we feel boring ..but not mean the life is boring .... . hope u be fine soon
becuase of the heat in the air from the water. it mix with the methane gas in the fart causing it to be much more potent and to linger
good question. i'd submit it to one of the auto manufacturer & see if they implement it. if you want to get paid for your idea you might want to patent your idea first (costs $15 + patent attorney fees).
while planning my wedding i came across this. they are referring to the difference between hosting an open bar and paying drink by drink a they are ordered.
"contact the parish that you were baptized in. they have records.. . if you need a list of parish's in west allis let me know, i live in milwaukee."
"that's where the flight ""terminates"".. . (from latin terminalis, from terminus, boundary)"
"the adyghe or adygs are a people of the northwest caucasus region, principally inhabiting adygeya (now a constituent republic of the russian federation). their language is also referred to a adyghe or adygeyan. within the russian federation, the main community are in adygeya, kabardino-balkaria and karachay-cherkessia.. . while adyghe is the name this people apply to themselves, in the west they are often known a the circassians, a term which can also apply to a broader group of people in the north caucasus."
"yeah i agree with you. especially when i watch the film 'the day after tomorrow'. it like the earth ha had all it can take of pollution and destruction, so major change occur on earth to restore the natural balance. it only a matter of time people."
"islam is intolerant and incompatible with all other religions: if anyone desire a religion other than islam, never will he be accepted of god; and in the next life, he will be in the rank of those who have lost themselves and will burn in hell. (qur'an"
voodoo is a mix of ancient african mysticism and christianity. santeria is what come from the caribbean.
"the other guy is wrong... he got the pronunciation right, but an aktiengesellschaft is a company that ha stock and stockholders, or a corporation.. . ack-teen-geh-zull-shaft"
kinky us the feather. perversion us the whole chicken.
"because you are unique-there is no one quite like you and most important of all-you ere made by god and if you read in genesis after god created, after god made-he always stood back and said it is good. what kind of person are you you should also ask-are people glad to see you, do you smile at others, do you spread joy, are you fun to be with, do you touch to give comfort, are you honorable, are you hones, is your word to be relied oh---all these quality if you just have a few and work on getting the others- can give you pride in yourself. love yourself-think well of yourself -do to improve yourself so that one day through the many year of your life ahead you can look in the mirror and be pleased with the person looking back at you."
"easter, a a name, come from the pagan goddess eostre. the timing of the festival relates to the spring festival in pagan culture a part of the early church's policy of assimilation of pagan idea into christian worship. a the spring festival wa the festival to bless the crops, in other words, the fertility festival, both the easter bunny and easter egg come from this."
"mostly that happens because social/cultural practices. some society's have matriarchal views, but most are just male chauvinists. yes i am a man and i can admit it, but don't forget it is role that plenty of woman happily play down to for what ever reason. so remember it not just men doing it, there's plenty of woman teaching their son they are more important than girls."
"ginger ale is a soda and i have personally never heard of it in alcohol, the ingredient are consistent to the one in every soda and i personally mainly use it for when i am sick it is good to settle the stomach after a long night of a stomach virus or other sour stomach hope this help a little!!1"
"society in general ha been affected by a huge wave of relativism. we tend to generalize in every aspect of our life and it just not right. there are million of people who, even though they are not economically at the level of others, are perfectly honest people."
"you can't really get rid of it. i've been on stage many times, and the nervousness never go away. it doe lessen with experience, so all you can do is keep going up on stage. a far a boys, well, don't worry about them."
"to fellowship with god and to do his will. god ha given u a free will. there for we can choose to live to please him or we can get into the trap of the evil ,if we deny the true living god."
"simón josé antonio de la santísima trinidad bolívar y palacios (july 24, 1783 – december 17, 1830) wa a south american revolutionary leader.. . credited with leading the fight for independence in what are now the country of venezuela, colombia, ecuador, peru, panama and bolivia, he is revered a a hero in these country and throughout much of the rest of latin america."
"it's ""chateada"" and it mean hurt.you use it when someone doe something to you that you don't like.you say "" estou chateada""(i'm hurt),if you're a female,or ""estou chateado""if you're a male.. . this is portuguese,the language spoken in brazil. :)"
"in the uk, pastrami is sliced peppered salt beef that you buy from the delicatessen, while corned beef is that pink crumbly meat that come in a tin. both used for making sandwich - one posh, one not!"
"yes, jesus wa jewish until he fulfilled the old law and brought in the new law, which we call christianity because we accepted him a the christ. the new law allows u to eat pork, which wa formerly forbidden.. my family happens to eat tamale for christmas. yum! our ancestor were from castile, spain, so that is our tradition."
"bulalo... utilizes beef bone marrow..... . if you wan the recipe, let me know by adding a comment to your question.."
"moom|cheh . . (""ch"" is like the sound you make when choking on something-comes from your throat, sort of like something grinding in there)"
"if a woman's just turned 21 and get carded, being seen a younger could possibly be annoying. however, if a woman is in the aging gracefully period of her life, like i am, then being seen a younger can be quite complimentary. it can also be a real ego boost."
"get out, be you. have fun. make people laugh...stop giving a $hit about what others think..you are the one who ha to look in the mirror every day...will or won't you die with friend at your funeral?.....if you don't want to be alone, just act like it."
"they killed a dog and ate it, which they had to stop doing for reason so they made up a sub. hehehe....heheh..he"
"you wont have any problem if you are honest, direct and friendly. think before you speak, but only if you are abnormally prone to putting your foot in it. a with any prejudice, anti-americanism fall away in the face of a pleasant representative of that group, and i think the stereotype of the obese, check-trousered, rough-shod riding yank abroad ha pretty much died out, even here.. . enjoy your stay, and i hope you'll meet load of new friends."
"i think because they only have al imited space to store the coin and if someone bought a soda with 60 penny that space would be filled up quickly. also, i would hate to be waiting behind that guy to buy my soda :)"
you dont have one then .. you sound really depressing! meaning in life to me is accomplishing my goal to become a better person..
"well i tell my friend that i love them too. i don't say it every day or every second of the day, just whenever i feel like it.. . i think it is entirely possible that you are reading way to much into this."
"thank you for asking this question. very good point. i am a pagan, and paganism pre-dates chrisitianity and our festival did come first. any book will confirm this!"
"i changed my faith to hinduism from what i wa brought up with, after year of studying all i could about various religions, the bible, and other scriptures, ancient and world history, archaeology, etc. i also ""studied"" myself. i prayed a lot and came to understood that hinduism is the religion of my soul, the religion i wa when i wa a child, before i wa told what to believe."
because cooky are awesome and ice cream is awesome. so when you mix them together you get something magical.
"if you mean 'yakitate', it is 'just cooked'. if you are sure it's 'yakitake' it must be fried bamboo, but it's not something i'd want to eat!"
"the fact is that one's sexual orientation ha no bearing on how willing a person is to stake their entire worldview on mythology and superstition.. . my question to you is: are you the final arbiter of what constitutes a ""christian?"" i had always been led to believe that one of the tenet of christianity is ""judge not, lest ye be judged."""
"pioneer or innovator in any art in a particular period. think ""vanguard"" - at the front (of an army, etc). . look in your dictionary!"
"it wa all right, thanks for asking. it's my first day back from spring break and a monday, so one could only imagine."
"hopefully he's not cutting his grass on the same day he's using the snowblower on the driveway. if so, i wouldn't worry. pretty soon, he's either going to need a new lawnmower or a new snowblower!"
"practice make perfect. even if you are right handed, you can practice and get good on your left but you will never be like you are on your right."
"if by ""give me five"", you are talking about the open handed light slap of palm on palm, it wa started back in the 1970's by black sport stars. they started doing it when they made a touchdown whatever.. . they didn't dance around in the end zone back then."
"of all the material written on all matter sex, the kama sutra is the most influential and spellbound, no doubt about it. wrote by vatsyayana mallanaga circa 320 ad - pertaining to the classic hindu period, in a state of chastity and contempletion (whatever that means, for little is known of him)."
"they have not changed in the past decade but they have definitely changed this century. what we used to eat wa the gros michel banana, which wa acutally a little sweeter, and from what i understand had a more slippery banana peel (which is why people used to slip on banana peels, but if you've ever tried it these day it's pretty hard.) they stopped using the gros michel because it became extinct through a fungus infection. the banana we currently eat is called a cavendish banana which is currently under attack at becoming extinct from a similar fungus infection."
wear loose clothes. lay on bed and think that your energy is coming out from the third eye located at your forehead.
"any place ha it's racist population, the number just varies from city to city.. . from what i've seen, a long a you don't make too much a fool of yourself you'll be treated just fine."
"tomato:. one of the best thing about summer is biting into a sweet, vine-ripened tomato it is believed that tomato were introduced from south america to europe in the 1500s the aztecs, according to a contemporary account, mixed tomato with chilies and ground squash seeds, a combination that sound a lot like the world's first recipe for salsa tomato arrived in europe from central and northern america pietro andrea mattioli who give an accurate description and call them pomi d’oro date the first mention of tomato in italy 1544 .. . watermelon:. watermelon ha been popular throughout the world, beginning with the egyptian more than 5,000 year ago it is said that explorer david livingstone found watermelon vine in the kalahari desert in the 1850s many historian theorize that watermelon could also have originated in the u s , since french explorer found native american growing watermelon in the mississippi valley according to a number of sources,"
"personality is a person characteristic (who they are a a person), smartness is a person iq and/or ability to think. you didn't think much before asking this huh?"
"it's not easy to dismantle or discredit absolute truth. those who try do so fight hard, but, truth is truth.. . one ha no reason to fight so hard against something based on lies, because anything built on lie won't last.. . but, if the word is built on the foundation of truth, well...how else can an atheist or agnostic fight against it but hard?"
check their embassy. they will give you load of information.
"it wa an intimidation technique used by the kkk. i am not sure about the symbolism but it wa intended to be a warning to who ever lived in the home. the kkk thankfully are a group of out-of-touch geek stuffed over in the corner these days, but in the past they had power and large membership. they did some pretty hideous things, including torture and murder."
"according to robert heinlein (author) rudeness is the first indication of a sick and dying society.. . he also stated that an armed society is a polite society.. . worse than hostility is the enforced political correctness which doe nothing to solve the problem, just hide the symptoms."
"common courtesy is basically the simple mannerism we were taught a children. word like, thank you, please, good morning or evening and don't forget i'm sorry. some of u don't realize that by using these simple word we might make someone's day a good day. remember treat others the way we would like them to treat us."
"intense,progressive ad about malaysia,the people,the beaches,the nature and yes...the food!!"
"no, it's not a cave. bahay kubo is a type of house made out of palm tree leaves. it's a very modest type of house used in the province mostly by farmers."
"if you take all the nice meat off the bones, there are still scraggy bit left. using high pressure hose you can blast these bit off and collect them. mince it all up and then squidge it into steak-like shape and voila - reformed meat.. horrid innit?"
"people love salt & sugar so the maker load it. they are ""killing"" u with kindness."
start by reading a biography of someone who inspires you.. . find the moment in the book that had a significant effect on them that you may find uncomfortable and immulate it.
"this isn't a proper, mannered way to eat in america, but in china, it's not considered rude to eat this way:. . you hold the bowl close to your mouth and use the chopstick to guide the rice into your mouth."
if you can read english. try reading outloud or listening to audio book (in english) to help learn grammer and pronunciation.
"well the real easy answer is this... jell-o is a brand name. their main and orriginal product also carry their name of jello, slang for gelatin which what give it it giggle. however jell-o also make pudding, or jell-o brand pudding snacks... the main the simple main difference being the gelatinization of milk instead of water..."
"pretty lucky i have lived through flipping a pick-up truck upside down into a creek,with my seatbelt on pretty scary,won the national in kickboxing,got into trouble for robbing a pharmacy could have overdosed but went to jail. kinda ironic huh but would died and still have a family that care for me,not to mention after turning away from god he ha saved me more time than these and still listens when i pray."
"there are different definitions. usually it's if you are in touch or have a good relationship with whatever you believe in, such a mother nature, god, the gods, allah. it's also if you are very religious then you're considered holy. you usually have to pray a lot, go to a church, mosque, temple weekly or whenever is the expected in that religion."
"paul revere wa a lookout assigned to keep watch for british troop near boston. on april 18, 1775, they spotted the british and rode through massachussets warning the colonist to prepare for battle, giving them warning before the eventual battle of lexington the next day. his ride is commemorated in a longfellow poem."
"a trend implies something a little more transient, a fad that will pas over and be discarded in favour of the next trend. . . a movement implies something a little more significant that will be moved on from, but refered back to in later works."
"look at the public aid structure in the us..thats a economic inefficieny if i ever seen one .....tax the heck out of the middle class to support generation of worthlees, don't care to be educated, don't and won't work weasels. take the money from hard working indivuals that eat hamburger helper and pay their bill and give it to scum of the earth,,people that just want to make more worthless baby and drink beer... so they can eat steak..smoke cigarettes. and drive cadillacs"
it mean there is a withe dove close to you. and you are not blind
"i believe, but find no immediate source to confirm, that it come from the observation of hog wallowing in the mud. the idea is that a hog roll around in the mud and zone out, in perfect unthinking pleasure, just simple pure and thorough enjoyment."
either stop associating with her or just tell her what you think. it may hurt her feeling but it will get the point across.
"you just asked a question. it's fairly simple, obviously you have the technological point of it down. just think up something to ask, something thats been on your mind."
"plastic , because im trying to save the trees. besides mother earth is highly upset how we been treating the earth these days."
"the pheonix is a mythical bird said to live for 500 or for 1461 years, the phoenix is a male bird with beautiful gold and red plumage. at the end of it life-cycle the phoenix build itself a nest of cinnamon twig that it then ignites; both nest and bird burn fiercely and are reduced to ashes, from which a new, young phoenix arises. the new phoenix embalms the ash of the old phoenix in an egg made of myrrh and deposit it in heliopolis, located in egypt."
"the world isn't getting any better, because there is the god of this world...satan. le people are believing the true god and by their own free will, they're letting the adversary be the lord in their lives. satan ha total dominion over this world..he can do what he want to it, and he want people to think it's the true god doing it all. a long a you believe jesus a lord and that god raised him from the dead, you will have dominion over satan, because it will be christ in you...you will have christ's seed and holy spirit."
"anything best enjoyed by the nose is described a ""aromatic."" just curious, though. why did you list this question in the photography section?"
i wa born and raised in germany. i am definitely a product of my cultural upbringing and mentality.. but i wa fortunate enough to emigrate to another country thereby assimilating another culture with my own.. the best of both world really!
"in love the ""house rule"".. . do you have a ""robinhood complex""? rob from the rich to give to the poor?"
"everybody is different. some people give a question some thought, because that's the way there are. others don't, because that's the way they are."
you're question is too long. thanks for the point though
well tell him how fun it is!. say that it's great!. i hope my answer helped in anyway i know i didn't go in detail but i hope it works! lol
"omg it wa so bad when i wa 12 my uncle, who's built like a football player, picked me up and flipped me upside down when i wa in a skirt. it wa soooooo bad. and i survived by turning it around and telling everyone what i have heard him and his fiancee doing the night before......"
"are dream more real than being totally conscious?did you know that the brain doe not know the difference between what it see in it environment and what it remembers.in trial the same area of the brain light up when people are asked to remember what they have just experienced.when you dream you are most likely more in tune with what is real,the problem is you don`t clearly understand your dream enough to put the piece of the puzzle together.your dream are an attempt by your brain to be what it is suppose to be,with very little outside interference.i believe dream are an attempt of your brain to hook up to the quantum field and when you are dreaming such a connection ha been made.the possibility are endless and the more open your mind is the more you will be able to learn.study your own dream and you will become better at it and believe me you will learn some interesting things.it is also a question close to,where do thought come from,because nothing happens in the brain until we have a thought!i truly hope this ha been some help to you good luck!!!!!!!!!!"
i'd have to say that they are probably just for fun and to make u feel accomplished. i think it also help to get people addicted to answer and so they keep coming back so yahoo continues to make money.
it showed that the u.s. isnt the untouchable country that all u american thought it was. a sad a it wa we deserved it.
eating chocolate can be a religious experience. also the bunny is a pagan fertility symbol going along with the spring fertility holiday.
the upward triangle is called the blade which represents musculinity. the reverse is called the chalice which is a symbol for fem.
"god know that you have faith and he will direct you when you are ready to take a step. don't worry about whether or not you're dissatisfying his will, just believe in him and always be willing to take the path that he point out and one day you'll know his plan for you."
"there are several secret societies, and we all know that.. . the reason for people having an opinion that is not necessarily positive, is because they are afraid of them and because they dont take into account the fact that y ou can be master of your own existance. this is way too much complex for people to understand and believe, so a a mason yourself, you must know evolution is differnt in every being.. . so ignorance, would be the right answer for this."
"it a method of diagnosing mental illness. and they are up to dsm-iv now, btw."
the world is moving faster these day and the parent are working harder to keep up with it. it is a shame but some parent are more into what thing they have then the value they should be teaching their children.
"pepsi is a cola.. it's a hideously crappy cola, but it's still a cola."
"eastern hemisphere. any country in europe, africa, or asia is in the eastern hemisphere."
"me and my mom where out shopping for others gift and she show me this doll and asks if i think my cousin would like it, i thought the doll ugly but i said ""oh yeah she would love it"" and because of my overaction guess what i opened up on christmas, the doll, i could not believe it, my mom got me the silly ugly doll, but when i looked at her face and saw her smiling at me, thinking i had really wanted the doll, i realized that i could keep the doll in my collection. that doll became my favorite doll for all time, i carried it with me everywhere, the gift wa given to me out of love and there is no gift more precious than that."
"cause until recently, they were the tallest building in the world. look the site below for the updated top ten!"
"count how many time you are taking dump per day, try taking a dump outside so instead of counting tile you can count car passing by. (be careful of police cars)."
"they are booked into jail to serve their time, or they are bailed out and given a court date to appear to answer to what they are accused of. if they can't make bail money, then they won't be released and will have to stay in jail until their court date. a to what go on inside of jail, i can pretty much assure that it is nothing pleasant. think of being caged up like an animal and having no freedom of your own...not even what you want to eat."
"there are a few country that allow for skilled and fortunate individulas to get rich.. new york, new york usa (really just about any big city in the us). dubai in the uae is going through tremendous growth. just about any big city in australia. i would suggest however improving your writing and communication skill first"
"the khans!. . genghis khan, up till his grandson, kublai khan.. he conquered china, afghanistan, persia, azerbaijian, armenia, eastern europe all the way to vienna and japan."
"why not indeed? maybe they just havn't found a good enough script but somehow i doubt it, get writing to the studios, a a consumer this is what you want to see."
it could be due to the sugar content in mixed drinks. the additional sugar may be causing muscle fatigue due to dehydration or insulin increase. avoid the high sugar mixed drinks.
"they are the first and last character in the greek alphabet. used in a biblical context they mean ""the beginning"" and ""the end"" (as in ""i am the beginning and the end"")."
twist the corkscrew into the cork. pull the handle down on the side
right now it's cold and rainy. hope it's better where you are.
eat a boiled egg. then you will not smell their breath.
sociologist (functionalists) would see poverty a being somewhat of a necesary evil in society. poverty much like crime and other undesirable aspect ha an important place in society being the whole that it is in it present form. although poverty can at time be dysfunctional (it is not part of a healthy working society) it is also seen to fufill some role in the creation of a healthy society.
i think some celt that lived in the british isle already converted before the roman empire came in. not many though.
none. mohammad is in the koran not the bible.
"how doe a writer make up dialogue for his characters? he make them up, just like the writer of the bible did."
"luck, hazard, you name it. try changing. it's not your fault, it just so happens, don't worry i have the same problem and i nearly solved it."
"consuming caffeine constricts blood vessels, increase heart rate, and increase blood pressure. these symptom result in the extremity getting colder."
"what evidence do u have to say that islam or muslim do more crime than people in other crime ? . a the question is not true , then i think there's no use for answering."
"how about the 200 plus question about ""who wa voted off american idol""? i know for a fact that identical question pop up when you start typing your question, so why did those people keep posting when they could have just clicked on one of the 200 other exact same question and gotten the answer? lazy bastards!"
"a very practical and efficient way to find this information is to go to work for an existing bar, especially a bar owned by someone who may be interested in selling their business.. . you would have a first-hand look at what the bar owner ha to deal with every day, including conforming to local and state regulations, dealing with vendor and suppliers, keeping the bar clean and up to code, coping with customers, hiring and firing employees, and kitchen-related considerations, if you serve any food."
you're obviously obscenely rude and immature. i know what you mean though. sometimes i read the dumbest question but i hold back so much because i can think of really dirty or insulting thing to say...but it's best not to. though there are a lot of idiot on here.
"you have to do a little bit of reading for your question but i try to make it short.. before you come to this physical body,you write your own chart and after reviewing and aproving by council of seven then you can reincarnate.you choose your parents,place of birth,time of birth and country and many many more,your soul will enter the physical body exactly at the time of conception,at that time all the planet are in a certain postion,from that moment on planet are effecting your phycial life,depending on their positions,now some position will favor you and on the other hand some postions are not in your favor at all,just imagine how moon will effect the ocians and causing the high and low tide,every planet will eminate diffrent energy and ha diffrent effect on you.with the exception of moon.. moon ha two phase one is waxing phase and the other waning phase.these phase will effect all the human beings.during one you should stay put and control your emotion and dont make any serious decisons while during the ohter you can glow and florish and be active.by educating yourself about basic astrology you will be amazed how much you know about favorable time of action in your life,take this from a person who ha nde,and have seen the other side,. love and peace with you"
"it originates from pagan holiday celebrating fertility.bunnies are very prolific and the egg symbolizes new life.christianity adopted alot of pagan custom to make converting people easier.. *to trying to help: no, you may not correct me.in the early days, there were a few different sects(like the gnostics) of the church that disagreed with how thing were going and were eventually consumed by the church.i used the term christianity to cover all bases, a the term christianity refers to belief in jesus christ,which is what the different branch all had in common.*"
the name wa given to follower of jesus after his death and resurrection. it ha since generally still described those who follow him.
"people are materialistic because they have no concept of themselves. if they truly had self-esteem and believed in themselves, they would realize that it didn't matter if you wal-mart jean on or abercrombie jeans, and if you wore no make up at all or looked all dolled up every day. people that are materialistic because they don't know who they are."
to tell u the truth i really don't think he is cute. i think it just because he is a star.
"also, pie is generally comprised primarily of some sort of filling, such a fruit or cream, whereas cake is primarily bread. although cake may also include filling, it is usually a relatively small amount compared to the bread part. :o)"
"try writing something entirely different, something unrelated to the story you're hassling with. take some time off from it. the well will fill back up."
"the traditional name of japan. but don't call them ""nipponese"" they hate it and is considered an insult."
do not eat it. . beano is a good product that really works. try it
"you go to jail, and you stay there until you wise up. but maybe you can learn a new skill, and i'm sure you'll make lot of new friends.... at least none of them will get pregnant."
"what???? santa is a fake? no, you are lying or been misinformed"
keep your pate nicely chilled in the chiller and do not leave it at room temperature when slicing. have a container or jug of hot water ready and dip your knife inside the hot water before slicing. repeatedly dip knife into hot water before slicing each slice of pate.
"it is a gimick. nothing less, nothing more. it make the drink look unique and set it appart from other brands."
"you have one if you are posting here. nevertheless, go to yahoo! and click ""sign up""."
here are a few link to help you with your search. good luck!
"september is the beginning of spring.. so the weather isn't cold but not that warm either.. depends what part of the country you are in, the further north you go the warmer it gets."
"vanity is excessive self-regard. it is a deadly sin because it is pride, which is the biggest sin that is root of others, the essential sin of the devil. it cause u to look at ourselves rather than god and cause u to try to exert ourselves above others because we think we are god. it offends god because his glory shine out in all the world, and when we solely focus on ourselves it denies him the glory that should be his."
"we a human are fighting ww iii now, we a a world are at battle with the world, nature and overpopulation of the world, with ever expanding technology and limited resource it a war we will soon loose. however the survivor will be left with nothing but stick and stone to start the whole cycle over again. although one concept wa possibly overlooked in his theory, this is that, essentially, after ww iii nothing would be left to remember ww i, ww ii, or ww iii, so the next ww, would again start back at wwi, ww iv, should be an unobtainable goal, just like the ""theory of everything"". such a smart man, really!"
"you must be hanging around with the wrong crowd. . . ""to each his own..."""
because they enjoy sex and love and don't enjoy education. if you most know.
"great job. but i'm afraid that those who cling to evolution will do so even in light of such evidence. their defense will be that those you cite are the few rather than the majority. i don't believe evolution to begin with, and your post present the icing on the cake a to why."
hmmm... could it be because you maybe ate or drank too much?!?!?!
40 mph winds. about 75 degrees.. big change from yesterday when it wa 100 degree at this time.. i love today.. i hate the heat...
"look for change in their facial expressions. they look away, touch the tip of their nose, lip tighter, etc."
"maybe just try eating more food during dinner, or eat a very light food before sleeping. or when u get hungry, just eat something not very sweet and sugary. like milk, or chocolate milk."
"deep-frying doe not involve a pan. pan frying is also called shallow frying, it us le oil, and people seem to think that mean le oil in the food."
i'm assuming you are referring to capitalization on the net. the reason it is rude is because it look a if you are yelling instead of calmly speaking.
"alcoholic beverage don't fall under the usda, fda, or any food agency. they are under atf jurisdiction, which ha a separate set of rules."
you usually find someone who is a member and ask him to sponsor you. it help if your pappy or grandpappy wa one.
"i said a prayer for you. having recently went through the same pain that you are experiencing, i recently lost my father, i understand."
"what are you wanting to do?. if you want to teach english... well you dont even need to try looking for a job.. . if you want another sort of job, you better hope your korean skill are upto scratch.. bring along all your documents, or prepare a job in advance.. if i wa given a dollar for every english teaching job i had been offered, i wouldnt even need a job."
"everyone is busy and eating at fast food restaurant and not having time to excercise. otherwise, they are just lazy people who don't want to exercise."
if you log on to oprah's site you can find information on her angel network that you can tap into to help. good for you!
"it is not at a mosque, don't know where that came from,. . but most relic and the such are not at the vatican, but at many other locations.. . and to laught, there wa not even a islamic religion at the time of john the baptist."
it's just a norm. you could go pantsless. if you're really really really really fat that would be hilarious.
"because the people of the country are infamous for being dishonest businessmen. often, a customer left the markets, they could be heard yelling 'e gyped me, 'e gyped me'."
"a ""slider"" is a hamburger from white castle. so a slider appetizer would be some kind of appetizer made with white castles.....maybe the burger cut into pieces??"
we bought it. pretty cool huh? i wish i can buy land!
"communion is recieving christ's real prescence in a wafer that ha been consecrated into christ's body and soul by one of his priests.. . if you don't recieve communion, you aren't recieving christ. it's the whole point to going to mass. imo, just ask a priest or two."
the only solution for pleasant singing tone is practice..... keep on practising.....if you were practising for 1 hour make it 2 hours......you can definately feel better ....sadhana(practising with dedication) definately matter a told by many sangeet pandits(music teachers). . . good luck.. :)
"vesak or visakah puja (""buddha day""). traditionally, buddha's birthday is known a vesak or visakah puja (buddha's birthday celebrations). vesak is the major buddhist festival of the year a it celebrates the birth, enlightenment and death of the buddha on the one day, the first full moon day in may, except in a leap year when the festival is held in june. this celebration is called vesak being the name of the month in the indian calendar."
"dumb is not a fair question. dumb mean you do not know how to write, speak, lacking an ability that wa never taught. however ignorant mean you do not have knowledge of something, ie: a certain subject etc. please gain some knowledge and learn to not be so ignorant."
"not so good. the new insurance fiasco for the elderly is insane. however, i happen to support the idea of universal health care."
"i do not know. i think it is something that mean kid do to other kids, simply because they can.. . take their shoe away, and toss them up there."
"the ancient persian water goddess, fertility goddess, and patroness of women, a well a a goddess of war. her name mean 'the immaculate one'"
"you play with it every day. another name for skin flute. little head, johnson etc."
"actually, there is evidence that the 'soul' ha a weight.. . 21 gram ... see link below."
"you can find a recipe on the internet, if you look, just spend a few minute - if it is spaghetti sauce from scratch that you want.. . for myself i buy some spaghetti sauce from the store, i add a little brown sugar, and then i let it simmer in the pan so that it becomes thicker a the water evaporates, .... i let it gently boil by itself for at least five minutes, then i add the pasta to it, well undercooked, then i let the pasta cook a little more in the sauce, - but i never over cook the pasta."
"bingo!!!!! you i would guess are a true christian, or at least understand how one should live. we all need to take an attitude check once in a while.. . i am a pastor and i tell you, usually the one who treat people like that mean well they just are a little over zealous and forget we are to tell this in love, watch our attitudes, motives, and language."
"that's a good question, and since none of u were there, i'm not so sure we can give you a 'final' answer on that one. one answer would involve talking about the trinity. one answer would talk about angel or the hebrew word being translated. your choice is a good a anyone's, but know this... you can't be sure."
"i do... actually, i've had it since i wa 12 - grade 6 when our english teacher told u to do that for a project. i've been keeping them until now, i'm 19... i have this pile of notebook and diary a well...and like you, i'm very glad to have them too...i keep those diary to help me think about very sticky situation like the one i'm in now...writing give me an outline and describes to me how to solve something or it just give me an outlet for emotions...i have this idea that i'd pas my diary down to my kid or something when i have them...i've learned so much in my life, written them down there and i'm sure that if they ever had time to read about them they'd learn a thing or two too! the pile of book that we'll both leave when we're gone, in my opinion, would be something that is left of us...a reminder of us...and since, it's practically our whole life that's written there, written by us...it's practically u too...hehe!"
"probably because there are not any healthy people left. either they don't exercise at all, or they exercise only to become a skinny a possible. there are no normal people left in the world"
"darius, a 3-syllable boy's name of egyptian/latin origin, means: kingly; wealthy.. . alexander, a 4-syllable boy's name of greek origin, means: defender; helps.. . christopher, a 3-syllable boy's name of greek origin, means: christ-bearer."
"the reason - dutch colonialism, a stated below. previously, there were script based on arabic alphabet (though containing three extra letter - known a 'jawi') and before that, various script of indian origin.. . of course english is, by your lights, perhaps, also 'culturally poor' in that it adopted the alphabet invented by the roman for the latin language.. . anyone who can suggest indonesia is culturally poor ha obviously never been there and life in cloud cuckoo land."
"don't parent beat their kid anymore?......that's some funny s-h-i-t!!! evidently not, cause i be damn if my kid dress like that"
"warm. anywhere you go in mexico in the summer is going to be warm or very hot, depending on where you are."
"they don't want innerbreeding. the child would grow up, too lazy too steal."
why is a car called a car? why is a boat called a boat. someone named it and everyone used it.
"they're just salted, puffed, and cooked corn. nothing too fantastic. i like em but like the ranch better"
i think this is probably the most strangest question i have read.. . i like to think that while i'm on the potty god is not watching. otherwise that would be gross.
"the first one he said it when his uncle asked him to stop telling people about god and he promised him if he doe so, they will give money and make him their leader. . . the other quote.... i don't know it."
some swimmer i know use an implement known a an ear fan. i have not seen it yet.
"because that culture is shoved down there throat a being cool. rap music, movies, clothes. my friend wa in a gang before and he said it wa stupid, they just hanged out all day, had no money and looked for fights."
easy doe it . some feel this is the only way and get confused easily so copy paste is an easy trick for those who don't know ya . and if ya see some of the kid that do get on and ask some strange question well just try to understand they mean no harm
go to the nearest italian consulate/embassy . that's where they issue visas.
"woman have adam's apple too, they are just not a developed.. . you know what? we woman always get everything smaller.....highly unfair i say....smile"
"well, you need to get a civil harrasment restraining order and you can file for a fee waiver of the filing fee if you don't have it.. stalking is serious business, and you should not have allowed it to go on this long.. you also need to make police report about any and all incidents,. it is important in a case like this to maintain a papertrack on all happening of this person stalking you, and the police report are a big part of that papertrack.. at least with the order in place, you may call police and if you are sure you have seen her within 500 foot of you, they will most likely arrest her.. you may also want to take picture around to your neighbor and just ask that if they see this person they please tell you immediately, that you have a problem with her stalking you and you are in fear of your safety. you don't need to go into detail with them, just tell them.. a for her being in your home, and no proof.. you can purchase a small camera setup at something like radio shack which will hook into your tv, vcr, or computer, talk to radio shack about it..............put it into a main part of your home that a person would walk through if entered, and turn it on when you are not home................. good luck"
"you are correct, it mean save some of the liquid you were cooking the chicken in on the side. depending on the recipe, you may serve it on the side, or add it back later to your dish. it's like the au jus liquid you would get with a french dip sandwich."
you take water and add lemon juice and put it in a bowl. then warm it up.
"what are you talking about? george bush is an alien, in plain view of everybody!!"
"they wear short skirt beacuse it make them feel good about themselves. they do not wear clothes for men or to attract men, but for themselves. i know that, and i'm a man!"
i respect u alot man...it's not a matter of religion. if everyone apply his religion like it is we would live in a perfect world. but we r corrupting even religions.. we call our self christian and muslim without even applying the rule of thouse religions.... but it's pple like u who will make our world better. u've begin with ur word and so on u'll make a lot realise the truth.... my best wish and respect to u...peace.
dogma and spirituality are two different things. even saying i have a relationship not a religion is a cop out and a lie. christian love this line so they can continue to persecute other people and when other people fight back they squeal that they are being persecuted. if that wa true we whould have fed them to the lion by now.
"to worship god and fellowship with believers. we are to take our request for prayer before other believer and also hear their prayers. we are also supposed to lift up and encourage each other. attending won't get you to heaven...belief, faith and acceptance will...then we go to church out of obedience and desire."
actually if you invert the number to 227 those are the last 3 digit of a zip code that schoolcraft run through (48227). that help any?
try forcing yourself into social situation you are not comfortable with. put yourself in situation where you will have to meet new people. also work on conversational skills. i find that the hardest thing about being out going is holding a conversation with someone you know absolutely nothing about.
"to try and discredit jesus a nothing more that another man. they like to tempt christian into fights, it's a bizarre form of fun for them."
it is best to go along to a class. they normally run in course of 6-8 weeks. start at the beginner level and go for something like hatha yoga.. it is best to go to a small class so you are supervised a you can injury yourself if you dont perform the pose correctly
"most people who are named jesus today come from spanish speaking country or backgrounds. in spanish, jesus is pronounced hey-seus. english speaker rarely name their child jesus."
it's the dragon boat festival (in taiwan) and it's pretty festive (lol). i miss my boyfriend and soulmate tony...i love him so much.
not here there isnt.. pot is used for pain on m patient and cancer patient it is used for depression and it is thought better than drinking.. it also ha just been determined it is better to smoke pot than cigarette a there is no cancer risk at all. if more people smoked pot there would be le fight war domestic violence riot war and stupidity.. you cant get addicted to pot.. but you can get addicted to booze.. the worst thing is you get the munchies.. god made pot.. did he make booze?? move to canada bud the social stigma is gone here.. and we do have the best in the world..lol dont worry i can send ya some down..
"well, a few starting point - 1) random act of charity convince people that the world is a good place (and accent what we have in common, not our differences), which may decrease the resentment and aggression that lead people to warlike behaviour (so peace). 2) taking people out of the cycle of poverty help the whole community because poor people are empowered to buy good and services. the more ofthen money change hands, the richer everone get (so prosperity)."
"they still believe in the caveman campfire story because they don't want to open there mind to the truth. they are stuck believing because the story were beat into there brain at an early age and cant think for themselves. and it not just the christians, it all faith systems. you at least have an open mind thank goodness i hope you stay that way."
because lot of people get to have a day off but there is nothing to do. especially if you have no money and no car. i like bank hols though co it mean i have one le day to do the school run and my other half usually work and get double time for it so i can cope with the boredom when there is a reward!
because religion is all about social control and money. did you ever hear of a religion that didn't want to control people or that never asked for money.. naturally a lot of people think that they should have equal opportunity in this field so they just go on inventing new type of christianity and claiming it to be the only right one.. this lead to conflict with other religion which see their market share disappearing.
"enlightenment doe not change your outward appearance it change your inward self. imagine a crowd of people on a long line and someone cut in front of you what would most people do? argue, maybe fight with the person, and enlightened person will forgive the person who cut in and just not get angry and let the situation go."
"i want to know that also, i think it's a double standard. it's like the dmr- department of mental retardation, the individual that would be helped by that organization, don't like being called ""retarded"""
"it ha nothing to do with marriage.. your cousin twice removed is your parents, cousin child."
iv never done it myself but when i wa little my friend did and there trainer are still there today ....... and now when i visit my mum i see them and it brings back great childhood memories. so maybe it childish thing to do and silly but brings back memory when ur older that are irreplaceable.
to get the glassy look you need to refire the glaze in a kiln to over 1000degrees celcius. it can not be obtained in any other way. you can buy the glaze from art shops. it's a fairly chemical potent mix so make sure you pick lead free glaze if you want to eat off it.
"since the girl ha her himen intact, even if she masturbates, or have anal sex, or orgasm, or she put the finger or other object into her vagina, she is still virgin. virginity referes to the integrity of the himen only."
"the same reason i call you my ho, cause it be the truth. now ho get me that mooooney before i put me foot to your derrier."
because a country based on freedom and justice ha been corrupted by those in office who strive for monetary gain and power. not every area of the government is bad but i wa watching the other day about how the cia used to unknowingly give people lsd (to which one person actually freaked out and killed themselves and then the government covered it up for like 10 yrs) to try to learn how to brainwash and manipulate people during the 1960's and is actually how that lsd guru leary guy got his start with the drugs...there are so many various scandal beyond this and just dirty thing that have gone on that it hard to completely let ur guard down and trust that the government is always looking out for the best interest of the people.
"first i cook the sausage or bacon, then in the same pan i scramble the egg with jalapeno cheese and peppers, foxpoint seasoning and seasoned pepper. amazing"
"becuase every person is different and ha different emotional, physical and psychological needs, and it is impossible to fulfil them all the tiome.. . thjere will always be thing about yourself and other people that annoy you, the best advice is to get on with your own life and do wehat you wanna do"
is it contrary to your core beliefs? if so it is negative. if not it is positive.
purely and perfectly created--pre-lapsarian--the original nature of man free from earthly sin. of course whitman had a slightly different take on this one
the muezzin (sp?) give his call to prayer from the minaret to the faithful within the sound of his voice.
"because they want to enrich their life with knowledge and intelligence. they enjoy being a stimulating environment with other like-minded intellectuals. the joy of learning new things.. . afraid not, it is actually so they can get a 'better' job and earn more money!"
"you know, that's a good one. we should e-mail it to a real estate agent and have them stick it on the next humor section in the real estate agents' newsletters.. . when you figure out apartments, let me try to figure out ""comdom-in-i(u)ms"". that's the one that's stumping me!"
"art sell on ebay, if it's any good. just take a picture, register with ebay and you might get lucky."
"the second coming usually refers to the second coming of christ. he promised his disciple he would return, and left the holy spirit to be with u until then. some people think it will happen before the tribulation, others think it will happen afterward. the truth is no one, except god himself, know when it will be."
"the hot dog wa originally a sausage that wa in a red casing and wa originaly called red hots. they then were called hot dachunds, because they resembled the ""wiener dog"". an artist doing a cartoon couldn't spell dachund and shortend it to dog, thus the ""hot dog"" wa born."
for starters....try making a resume and/or getting an application from a cruise ship company. =)
"perhaps it go back to ""caveman"" day when female wanted a mate that would protect them physically from harm. brute strength would have played an atvantage back then.. . nowadays, however, woman are capable of defending themselves (if they learn how rather than just falling into the stereotypical weak female) and while some out there still favor the ""bad guy"" image, there are more of u that want an intellectually competant guy, not to mention one that respect u and understands that we are equal beings."
"yea, why are they french? why not canadian fried? japanese fries... brazilian fries.. i object.. let go on demonstration to change the name of french fry"
"the poor need compassion when they're part of the [social] world, not after they leave it behind them, because by then it may be too late.. . treat people well before they feel rejected, and help them out of rejection, but don't give handout which only justify their position a poor. help them be truly wealthy by improving their feeling of their benefit to others, not others benefit to them."
"you'll need a regular sized cow, 2 paint brush and a bucket of tar.. . get a bag of feather for kickers."
"depends on how strong you want it. if you have a bag of beans, grind them in a coffee grinder until they're powdery, then place about a quarter cup of ground into a coffee filter and pour boiling water over them. this is called ""drip"" coffee, and it's stronger than percolated. percolation requires a percolator, and look at the instructions."
"before dipping your onion in batter. try dipping them in egg wash (2 egg whisked) and then dip it into flour, then your batter. this should help. make sure your oil is hot enough also."
"christ = a imaginary savior. . god = anthropomorphic symbol for nature, but with a human mind.. . juda = traitor"
"there actually is no proof that caveman did it. there really is a mystery there. all that i know is that if a caveman team used a pulley system, they could carry those heavy rock up. alien is a theory, but for what purpose, there is no clue."
"probably they are happy that it didn't happen to them. this is actually a worldwide phenomenon encompassing all religions, nationalities, race & gender. so, don't worry & be happy. they will not change if you tell them to."
"robot in industrial use are not quite the stuff of science fiction yet, but are mainly mechanical unit that are self operating, usually in the production and manufacturing process of goods. these in clude mechanical arm which are able to do skilled work in car manufacture and so on. the combination of mechanical process with digital and computer technology ha meant that everything from container shipping to making a pencil ha some form of mechanical robotic basis."
soul is individual identity located in subconscious mind.it is also individual subconsciousness.it is present in self-awareness.. . ntadepalli
justice doesn't fail. society (via their governments) fail to effect justice.
"christianity is knowing that god exists and that he gave his only begotton son so that we my have life more abundantly. there are many different religion a there are language spoken and various mode of worship; for this matter, each church is able to communicate with their people. a long a all church acknowledge that there is a god (i hope it's the one i know of), then the separation is by ""church name only."" yes, the message is that god love you, no matter where you live or how you worship him...but worship him honestly, humbly in jesus' name."
"it's a natural act, performed by virtually all animal on earth.. so it's not bad in and of itself. it's people who make it bad by putting peer pressure on folk or glamorizing rough stuff or porn.. sex wa meant to be intimate and enjoyable.. not profitable."
"your point is the right point--changing dna is interfering with god's will. so is abortion, the death penalty, cloning of any person or animal, etc."
"well...it's better than......""shalom"".....then firing your glass into the fireplace and then having too clean-up the mess later....[if..... the ""toast"" wa in your fireplace]......"
"illustration is usually associated with a storyline whereas ""fine art"" may not be assocaited with anything at all.......thus you may have a book with picture (illustrations) or a brochure,....a flyer or newspaper. fine art is a term and not a real ""thing"" illustraions are also fine art but they are associated witha storyline or ide-line...........old illustration are collected today the same way painting are collected so the term ""fine art"" really doesnt apply much anymore these days."
i am a pretty good musician. i've made alot of friend and been in load of band because of it. it's also an excellent way to relax.
pray and ask god to help you. with him all thing are possible. i'm sorry you're feeling this way. just know that you are worthy and you deserve happiness and to be loved by others.
"seen the davinci code????. . maybe the bible is not the word of god, but story that others havewritten and therefore some error in consistancy are enevitable"
"the custom of clinking glass originated in the middle age when any alcoholic drink wa thought to contain actual 'spirits,' such a the 'demon' in 'demon rum, who, when imbibed, inhabitated the host's body, causing the imbiber to do thing that he would not ordinarily do. . . since bell and other sound were thought to drive spirit away ... the clinking of glass wa thought to drive the 'spirits' out of the spirit and thus make it safe to drink."
"to the best of my understanding, it mean that a man who deliberately, and consistently cause chaos within his family would not have any family or inheritance for his old age. the second part talk about people who act like there are no consequence for their actions(the fool say in his heart, 'there is no god'). they would be made servant to people who are wise in heart."
"it's not!!! i love london, i go there all the time, it my favourite place. but saying that i can't imagine working there!"
"if it's german, i'd reckon something like deranvent.. if it's anglicised, like your first respondent.. . is it place, person or theory?"
it keep them together. without egg they fall apart.
"he had faith in his communist beliefs, and gave up quite a bit to get his belief established. even though he didn't succeed while he wa alive, his communist ideology are taking hold in south america. you must respect him for his courage, even if you don't share his ideology."
you are not fated to have relationship with every boy you meet. some relationship do not work out.they are guide for the future to help you realise what you want from a relationship and what you may need to give to a relationship to make it succeed.
"why not ask; how straight can someone be? i believe it a matter of one personality and acceptance of one self. if one is gay you can be a queer a one want to be or a straight a one want to be. same thing for someone straight, one can play queer, but not be gay."
"aix is french, aachen is german for oak. the root of the word (no pun intended) is still visible."
"it's probably a replacement word for using jesus' name improperly. i also use ""holy swiss,"" and ""cheese and rice"" a replacement in polite enough company."
consult a lawyer or the reference section of a library.. . do your own search on the net for starter to find out the law of the country where you are - we can't answer this a there is no info a to where you are!. . cheer
i like to marinate first. veggie and meat can benefit.. meat is best done with a metal skewer and if you use wood skewer be sure to soak them for about an hour first.. believe it or not for veggie i like to marinate in a salad dressing like italian or kraft's sun dried tomato.
"it mean to cuddle or hug tenderly or to hold someone in your arm and it come from apachar (with the same meaning) wich come from the nahuatl patzoa = to squash, to bruice.. . plus, it's only used in mexico"
"not sure about port el kantaoui, but it's 26c in tunis, which is the capital. it's probably similar where you're going.. . see below for detailed forecast of tunis."
don't go to the restroom at the same time he does. he might show you his penis
"the jello ha not been completely dissolved, the heavier particle sink to the bottom. stir it longer!"
a ritual for suicide.. . the justification and the willingness to go through with it seem to come from the ritual nature of the act.
"read books, study things. look on wikipedia. i like learning about history. try studying something and writing about it."
"a mangalsutra is an indian symbol of marriage, consisting of a gold ornament strung from a yellow thread, a string of black bead or a gold chain. it is comparable to a western wedding ring, and is worn by a married woman until her husband's death. mangalsutra are called thaali or talus in southern india."
"even single celled organism engage in an exchange of genetic material, aka s e x. one organism extends a pili and genetic material is exchanged between it and another microbe that lack a pili."
"it help you to talk to your friends,your date what more do you want so. hence proved communication is very important"
sometimes they get air pocket in them and when they come out of the heat and cool off the pocket of air pop and pretty much make your cake look like deflated. annoying isn't it!
"i think you want philosophy.. that's in the art and humanity section.. (psst- keep it a secret, that's where all the intelligent people go!). . god bless."
"while i do agree with the poster that suggest putting on muscle mass to gain weight, that being the most healthy alternative, you can also gain wieght by eating pasta, breads, and white rice. i'm not sure if they would qualify a vegan since most pasta contain eggs, though i have seen eggless pastas, but rice certainly would qualify. anything listed a a ""bad carb"" in those low carb diet will help you gain wieght."
"it can be summed up with the old joke: people in california say ""have a nice day"" and don't mean it. people in new york say ""f&!k off"" and do mean it.. . rudeness implies a level of intent. being inconsiderate may be accidental."
"because the more you try to be like everyone else, the more you lose your own unique characteristics. you'll find that the majority of people are often misguided but put up a good front. popularity mean nothing. manage the relationship that you enjoy and leave popularity to the drama queen who'll be working at taco bell in 10 years."
"your best bet is probably to purchase a eurail pass. this allows you to travel to all the country on your list. there are various version availabe, depending upon your length of stay, age and country you want to visit."
"first of all, don't make people do thing they don't wanna do.. . second of all, no one look good in spandex.. . third of all, this is stupid."
"because you didn't start out with a plan. you need a beginning, middle, and end, then you will get results."
"the more point you get allows you to advance to the next level (you are at level 1)..there are 6 or 7 levels, each with different ""rewards"" or privelages granted like the ability to answer more question in a 24 hour period, and thing like that.. . also what determines how long your answer is personal preference(meaning how long do you want to type for basically) and/or intellence level. some can sum it up in 2 sentence while others can write several long paragraphs."
"also called a ""chain reaction""- one event trigger another, which trigger another, and so on, so the end result is of a far greater scope than the original event.. . this is what ha happened from 9/11, for instance. we have homeland security, illegal wiretaps, patriot acts, airport screening which harass the innocent, racial profiling, prejudice vs. innocent muslim who aren't terrorists, war in iraq, and super-spiked gas prices...but have yet to actually catch osama bin laden. so, in effect, he won."
"milk product and chocolate produce more mucous, which thickens saliva, making many want to drink water. for many child and adult with chronic sinus problems, infections, and allergies, removing dairy product from their diets, greatly reduces the symptom of their sinus problems. mucus becomes thinner and no longer troublesome."
"♡ here's what it say about that: ""chocolate contains many substance that act a stimulants, such a theobromine, phenethylamine, and caffeine,"" dr. bryan raudenbush from wheeling jesuit university in west virginia noted in comment to reuters health.. . ""these substance by themselves have previously been found to increase alertness and attention and what we have found is that by consuming chocolate you can get the stimulating effects, which then lead to increased mental performance."""
that's a result of spending much time in prostration during prayer. the skin becomes drier.
gaelic could be scottish gaelic and irish is irish gaelic? i'm not sure but there maybe a welsh gaelic too.
find a restaurant that serf this kind of food and apply for employment.. . or. . volunteer at a local shelter and get cooking!
"get some picture of said person, lingering menacingly outside your house. then call the cop every time said person show up. if person persists get a court order, picture and cop report should swing it for you..."
apart from the christian version of jew crucifying christ - the jew run the bank and are the money lender of the world. i suppose they wear a brand on their forehead because they think they are god's chosen people.
"this is a possiblity: . sana - the ""sa"" is short for sangatsu in japanese mean march and the ""na"" for nanoka mean the number seven.. . apparently she wa born on march 7."
"it is inherent to a human being to love...you can't help it. if you find yourself without love, you may want to talk to a professional. ha anyone ever loved you? you get what you put out."
"a moogle is a fantasy creature from the final fantasy video game series. they're kinda small white bearish creature with a red puffball hanging from their head, and usually small wings. always cute."
"the best way is to roast them... grill them on the grill or you can also throw them in the oven at about 200-250 degrees, flip them about every hr. for a total of about 4hrs.. i suggest grilling them though... thats the best."
"i think probably the reason is that most the press seems to be liberal, nothing against liberal but the medium must present a neutral argument. showing the people one side of anything can ""dumb them down"" by not giving u the full, non bias, spectrum of any and all arguments.. . i think that is the reason, but then again i have know real clue on anything associated with the press."
the priest's lip are sealed in a vow of silence concerning what you confessed to him in confession.. . he usually give you absolution and a penance after you confess your sin and recite an act of contrition to christ through the priest.
"chance are the merchandise they're selling is inferior,overpriced junk that's just going to end up collecting dust somewhere on your pantry.so that overly happy little hoochie is there to convince u potential buyer that ""this product is the best thing since the wheel.""most likely we watch those informercial after a long night out at the club so our judgement is a bit clouded if and when we purchase this merchandise."
if you are naseaus then you shouldnt worry about eating something that is filling. just get something small into your stomach first like saltine or dry toast.
"some circuit preacher hold up their bible when quoting it and ""thump"" (tap) it with the other hand for emphasis. or when reading from it they will do the same. it's a bit showy, so it's used for christian who are very adament about their faith. it's not really very polite to call someone a bible thumper."
the medium is much more infuential than the military. it can change a culture with a single article.
get a one way ticket and move there. good luck :)
"any type of sound, that ha a high pitch such a that of the bell, provides a high vibrational sound that open up certain door and invokes certain power and spirits... demon are chased away by these sounds, by incense, by certain smells, and by certain sounds, when they are made correctly, so when the person doe that, they are just about to begin a ritual or in the process of using a delicate object which they want ultimate privacy and therefore, the bell will chase the bad energy or influence away.. . bad spirits, hate nice smells, cleanliness, and certain sound and particular notes, when they are pronounced in the proper way."
life is a nutritional cereal.. . life is a magazine that cost a dollar and you only have a quarter.. . life is what you make of it.
"persepolis wa an ancient capital of the persian achaemenid empire, situated some 70 km northeast of shiraz, not far from where the small river pulwar flow into the kur (kyrus). to the ancient persians, the city wa known a parsa, persepolis being the greek interpretation of the name. in modern iran the site is known a takht-e jamshid (throne of jamshid).. . the largest and most complex building in persepolis wa the audience hall or apadana with 36 columns, accessible by two monumental stairs."
"on one hand, i feel compassion for the undocumented immigrant who are really just trying to make their life better by coming to america. many of them are not bad people.. . on the other hand, i also feel that they must face the consequence of staying in the u illegally. they must get punished for that, but such punishment must be done in a humane manner."
"her friend wouldn't give that out, otherwise she would be bombarded with spam. she is also probably too busy touring, making record to spend time online, and if she does, she probably ha someone hired to filter out the spam and forward to her only personal emails."
"i answered your other question more cynically but to be honest, this is a new trend in clubs. they have these white party where everyone dress up in white. sometimes it's just a theme night and other time it's part of a charity function. white is a sexy colour to wear for a sexy club."
well i live in the south. and am told that my southern accent is incredibly sexy. so i would have to say southern alabama!
"we were just being shown the first example of entrapment. yahweh knew they'd eat off the tree, that's why he specifically told them not to."
probably the same that wa played at her funeral. sorry--charles aint no catch. no disrespect intended.
"i don't think you can delete the yahoo id's. if you stop using the email account they will close the email part, but you will still have the yahoo id."
"judge don't make the law, they interpret it. it is the duty of the legislature, who is independent of the judiciary, to pas law in term of the power entrusted to them by the people (in a democratic state)."
"just eat healthy and exercise regularly; you should be burning more calorie than you consume. also, aim to lose only about 1 to 1 1/2 pound per week, any more than that and you could be losing weight too fast (and that's not healthy)."
"well mr.pentium, why dont u call pizza hut and order one. they give best pizza's in town. and yeah without owen, u can make a pizza but i will find it bit difficult. bake pizza in pressure cooker instead of owen, it works."
"ooh, baby, don't tell u why you wanna know. just go drink a big glass of prune juice and try to stay near a toilet, okay?"
"so far all of the answer given are correct. 'serviette' is french for napkin. the english adopted many similar french terms, especially amongst it upper class, after the norman conquest. we in america have kept many of these term in our english, especially in the american south."
"never been to either but american don't know anything about either (although i've been to many of the ""islands"" and latin america). here, we just know them a trinidad and tobago so i guess we would just lump the problem of both island together."
"where is delamere forest? try the aa route finder on the net, i usually find that quite helpful."
"i like to give a cross/plaque that the parent can hang in their child's bedroom and can be enjoyed later a the child grows. i also like to give something for the child to enjoy now, such a a lamb stuffed animal."
"on a domestic flight you'll usually be offered free food in first class (although on a flight under 3 hour you probably will only have a choice of snacks). both have bigger seat than in coach. also, you get to board the plane first in first class, so don't have to wait in line and you don't have the issue of finding room overhead for carry-on luggage."
my mom used to be a bartender. the way she made it wa 7-up or sprite (whichever the bar used) and then cherry juice...
"because back in the old day people would sometimes ""pass out"" and a a result be buried alive. when they realized that people were being buried alive they started waiting three day to see if the person wa really dead of if they would ""wake"" up"
"just taste, and sometimes offer in price. . diet coke is best, then pepsi max"
"tell the kids' parent that the ball going over the fence and them ringing the door bell to get it is upseting you and you'd like them to stop. or, you could just not give the ball back, but that would be mean. maybe you could make them have to pay you something or do work for you if they don't stop."
"the padma bhushan is an indian civilian decoration established on january 2, 1954 by the president of india. it stand third in the hierarchy of civilian awards, after the bharat ratna and the padma vibhushan, but come before the padma sri. it is awarded to recognize distinguished service of a high order to the nation, in any field."
more literate than you already?? your spelling is the pit
only if your superstitious. i have broken many a mirror and my luck is not too bad!
"0011 61 412345678. . your number is a mobile phone, so no area code. 61 is the country code, just drop the 1st zero"
oh god i loved odgen utah... if your going to live there i envy you... i never had any problem there and i wa there for several months.
"typically, in my region, it mean it is not plain. it is served with sliced onion, tomato, leaf lettuce, and garnished with sliver of dill pickle or cut pickles. condiment are also made available."
"the same way ""john becomes jack."". . it just does!"
"respect is definately earned. we can trust before knowing a person because we have faith, but respect come with time.. if others can't treat you with the same respect you give them, then maybe they aren't a true friend."
"there is nothing wrong with that, a long a you are not overbearing.. . it's called self-confidence, and i admire men who have that."
"probably for the same reason some retail store employee treat customer like they're causing a major inconvenience by asking a question. not everyone ha common sense, manners, or work ethic."
the technique is really simple. u just need to learn the basics. which particular pickle are u trying to make
"you already have your answer, but i can tell you how to cut that onion with almost no tears. fill your kitchen sink with enough cold water to submerge the onion. cut under water. i do this every time i use onion."
from what i know it is to scare away african american from the south state of usa. and now they want them out of all of usa i guess.
it basically when you have to much stress on your hand an you freak out. it nothing to be ashamed of but when someone have one they need there space an help to get through it. they may not exactly know what is going on at that point of time. an they may be confused in their role in life.
a solid prayer life and knowledge of god's word are essential to any kind of ministry. keeping reaching out.
"they are not picking and choosing, they are just saying that if the person is doing wrong and knowing full well that this go against christ, they are not truly christians. a true christian will fight against wrong. unfortunatly we are all human and will go the wrong way. and just because someone say they worship jesus doe not mean they are chrsitians for who can truly read someone heart."
"canada, like the us, span several time zones. which city in canada are you talking about? for example, vancouver and most of bc is in the same time zone a california."
"i think he ha a very bad mouth. i actually reported him a abuse and also sent oiut message to yahoo about it. i am not a moslim, but i feel that not being a moslim, if i feel so offended, moslem must be feeling very upset. god alone know when we will learn that people may be bad, but all religion in the world are good"
"you exaggerate a bit i think... people are very different, even the one who are similar...how many different sect of christianity are there right here in america? more than i can name for sure... if we were all alike this would be one boring planet so revel in the fact that everyone is different and stop worrying so much."
lol - it ha a few meanings.. it used to mean a kind of school prefect in a girls` school but can be interpreted a a girl who happily fellates.
"vodun is an african religion, though it is sometimes called voodoo. check the following link for more information."
"because they have no faith. they only believe in what they hear, smell, taste and see."
"there is a product, not cheap, but it works. proactive. spend the $, i'm sure it will work for you, too."
the council of nicea wa a group of politician who decided which of the hundred gospel would be included in the bible. they picked the gospel based on which one would further their goal of power and control.
gwennan (welsh)--blessed. . i assume gwenan is an alternate spelling
i like them both.. sushi is satisfying because of the rice.. it's a complete meal.
"the reason that people have deja vu is that our consciousness doe not work the way we think it does.. . we do not have a continuous stream of consciousness. there are actually break in it, but our mind fill in the gaps. sometimes when this happens we experience deja vu."
"when you dont have any bill to pay, or the governmen is paying for your housing and food, you do not have many worries. fortunate people are worried about their money."
"god is love, for he is pure and perfect!!! genuine love like god is also pure and perfect; because god cannot die, nor can pure, perfect love..... . hope this helps, savannah. i love god and am also in love too...it's beautiful"
"when you start to dance for yourself you'll feel way more accomplished. also having a space where you can work or just run a barre at least once a day is an amazing help! hard work and dedication, also take the correction given in class (even if not directed to you) and try working through them on your own time!"
it just is damn it live it love lust it it real!!
"because in our liberal-based society, nobody care about what you are capable of accomplishing, but only about what you are capable of feeling. all about feeling and emotion over logic, reason, and truth."
"heaven.. um, boring. nothing to do. nothing but cloud and bunch of spirit floating around. i think it should be called hell."
take some rock (not to heavy) stack them. put small plastic tree and just add water??
"my gut reaction is the picture of a cowboy with his leather chaps, leather saddle, and the like riding like hell across the waste, leaving a cloud of dust behind him -- he's riding all-out, frantically, without even total concern of his direction.. . one site equates ""hell-bent for leather"" with ""travel fast and hard in a seemingly purposeless direction."". . i have not found a specific definition for your particular phrase (""going hell for leather""), but any block of text brought up by yahoo'ing it us it in the same ""balls-to-the-wall, go all-out"" context."
"we judge mostly because we don't understand or refuse to understand; or because we are frightened; or unwilling to learn something new.. being accepting of something or someone sometimes take a lot of effort on our part and we don't always want to make that effort.. being judgemental is a result of our upbringing, our environment and surroundings, our religious belief and our culture."
"i do not think there is a particular reason, other than to honor one of the united state most respected presidents.. . however, no doubt someone will supply a more sinister reason."
it's spelt roast beef.. obtain a decent sized joint of beef (preferably angus beef) and cook in an oven at 200f for 30 minute per 500gms and add 30 minutes. leave to cool for at least 5 minute before carving.. it's the vegetable and yorkshire that's just a important in a good meal.
"unless you mean something like ""what's crackin, babygurl?"". . i just know one affectionate term in italian. it's dolcezza which is like sweety."
"first learn to spell.. then use the internet!. you can call a travel agent, the airline etc."
"preheat oven to 350 degrees.. melt a stick of butter in a roasting pan on the stove top.. sprinkle garlic on both side of the chuck roast.. brown both side of the roast in the butter on stove top.. once browned, add 1 or 2 lbs. of baby carrots, cubed potatoes, chopped onion, and 5 or more garlic cloves.. add about 1/4 to 1/2 cup of water, salt and pepper.. put the top on and cook in the oven for an hour or hour and a half or when the carrot are done."
"i grew up in the episcopal church. basically catholic light. the only difference is that episcopalian do not follow the pope, do not have confessions, and do not revere mary a the catholic do. the ceremony and ritual is very similar."
"weird, but worked for me. i used vinegar in the dishwasher, ran it through a cycle, and lime-be-gone."
you must be bored to ask this question. i must be bored to be answering.
"we can't.. . all religion are exclusive of others (no two can be correct - even different branch of the same religion are exclusive of each other).. . so ""true believers"" will never reach an ""understanding"" with those who don't believe."
"this word wa not even designed to be used in a racial context. technically, the word mean one who is ignorant. it can be applied to any race."
it is called multiperspective imaging. the ability to capture a panoramic field of view or both the front and back of an object.
"you need to increase your intake of fibre which is essential for the health of the bowel. fibre can be found in fruit, vegetable (especially the green ones, like spinach, broccoli etc), brown bread, brown rice and also in nut and seeds. it is also a good idea to make sure you are drinking at least 1-2 litre of water every day. not only doe it eliminate constipation, it also flush the toxin from the body and leaf you with glowing skin."
boil it in hot water for a couple hour and let it sit in the broth and the chicken will fall off! you can then put it in a food processor to shred it more. i use this method for bbq and chicken salad. good luck!
"i stopped being religious when i got born-again(spirit recreated). i got saved by believing this-----if thou shalt confess(no playing around here) with thy mouth the lord jesus, and believe in thy heart(no playing around here,either) he wa raised form the dead, thou shalt be saved(spirit recreated)."
magnolia is a really small town. your best bet will probably be to drive into little rock
"buy some grade f meat, fry it and then let it sit for a 1/2 an hour. drop it on the floor, and then season to taste."
you have to be a little more specific. where i live i don't see any mass horde of hillbilly running around with pitchforks.
"laxative get rid of all of the weight in your gut, all of the excess crap. preparation h is for after the laxatives, once the soreness kick in ;)"
"the integrated pattern of human behavior that includes thought, speech, action, and artifact and depends upon the human capacity for learning and transmitting knowledge to succeeding generations. the customary beliefs, social forms, and material trait of a racial, religious, or social group"
"absolutely not! i am an individual, and proud to be so! i wore black before black wa cool. celebrate your diversity!"
"first tell me u r also apart of people what effect do u hav when u listen music.it even depends on aperson doe he/she. like to listen music.but on me-. - it make my mind calm and relaxed .whenever i m tired i switch over to music system with my collection .i even prefer it during exam i think that it refreshes me and whatever u hav studied stay in ur mind for longer.after my regular class i like to play guitar,my keyboard and to even sing song which make me happy(as god ha given me quite gud sense of music and voice)and afterwards my list of work continues.for me music is everything it can teach aperson to be calm,polite a gud human,and to take out some time for god in his/her busy schedule.it is everything for me it in my soul it in my blood.i think i am born to learn music.and even my name stand for it thats ""sur"" which mean ""music"""
"because if they lie to you once, chance are they'll lie to you again. actually alot of people are just kidding around sometimes, so eventually they regain the other person trust..it just take a while for some people, or if it wa a serious lie then it's hard to forgive them unless you see that they really regret what happened.."
well i would put the infor for the first date of graduation first. skip a couple of line and then put the other date next.. if you want to personalize it for each son put some kind of clip art that describes each son next to their info.
a group of people who sing god song togehter. to spred his world
"no. . . just grow into one, and then you won't have to pretend being someone you're not."
"from new york to, say, toronto, we are looking at an approximation of 351 miles. this measurement is given that a move from new york to toronto is on a straight path. clearly, the number of mile will probably double due to bend and turns."
exagarations. people think when they become fanatic they become very close to god than anyone else
"for one thing, birth control isn't available or is too expensive, and is against a lot of people's beliefs. also, many traditional african society were agricultural, so having extra family member to help grow crop and take care of thing wa more important than money, and so many place over there have high infant and child mortality rate you need to have more child for them to reach adulthood."
"poland syndrome consists of a deficiency of subcutaneous fat and muscle on one side of the body. it may include underdevelopment of the arm, hand, and finger on the same side, and may be associated with other condition such a moebius syndrome or klippel-feil syndrome. the right side of the body is affected twice a often a the left."
"i suppose all emotion are brought on by an external source. so, a person surroundings affect their feelings, which is what cause difference in personality."
very dark room. quiet area of the house. try using a noise maker like a fan or something that you will get used to and can drown out the sound of the lawnmower. don't drink coffee 4-6 hour before you crash.
i'm assuming that you mean self mutilation. tell a trusted adult a soon a possible.this is a very dangerous problem.your friend might be angry that you dimed them out but you could save their live.they need psychological help right away.
"they were both strong woman rulers, in an era where that wa uncommon.. . but elizabeth would have been more of a crowd favorite (her people mostly liked her), whereas catherine focused more on expansion, sometimes at the expense of the public welfare."
"the meaning of life, according to me, is to live life to the fullest, enjoy it, and to make sure you have at least one child to continue your line! forget about all the religion and thing that people try to force you into, cause if they tell you to fear freedom of choice or life itself, then they aren't really why we were put down on this planet. i'm sure even god (if there is one) would like to see more people smile and laugh!"
random sampling. is when you test subject you don't select the subjects/numbers they are picked randomly
"i only asked a few questions, but yeah it's hard. i just go for the one that i feel helped me the most, and offered the most info., also how much effort that person put into the answer. once i make my choice i choose to justify it somehow in my comment box... ;] i have emailed ppl and thanked them too, if i felt they deserved it... haha"
"because it is easier to point a finger at and be critical about someone else, than it is to subjectively view our own shortcomings.... . we are a a people who refuse to accept ownership of our actions."
"i think it would be beneficial for the church to teach about other faith a well. it would be a real eye opener for a lot of christians, but then again maybe thats why they dont... . . reincarnation is not a christian belief."
it automatically put them in the weird category. i don't like weird people (not that there's anything wrong with that).
"it's very difficult to do unless you have to proper equipment and it take 3-4 hour to do one gallon of water. my husband installs distillers, the one gal. that go in the kitchen and the 6, 8, and 12 gallon. if you're interested feel free to email me and i'll put you in contact with his distributor."
"honestly, i just get tickled with the way they talk. the more open gay don't give a damn what anyone says, and they are more honest about how you look. plus i luv knowing that i can get a guy's opinion and not get hit on, ok, so i'm not hot. however there are lot of desperate guy that don't care what's inside a skirt a long a there's a skirt over it."
"where did you buy it? go to your travel agent and ask for assistance, if it's a ticket with restrictions, sometimes they won't refund you for it. you have to pay for penalty if you want to postpone your travel."
"greek actors, (and only men were permitted to act), wore toga (robe-like outfits) with sandals. the main character in comedy and tragedy also wore large mask that covered their own faces. this made the feature exaggerated so that people even in the last row of the amphitheater could see the expressions. inside each mask wa a built in megaphone that would amplify the actor's voice...(remember, no microphone back then, only really good acoustics)."
"average eye level of 5 ft to 6 ft - variety in dimension, shape and size, certain amount of theme to tie it together be it the art display itself, a color line, or the frame - an easel with one piece with a brief introduction to the exhibition is informative, eye catching and placed properly act a a doorway to your exhibit - a couple of relaxing chair and a lowered exhibit at eye level of the chair allows your exhibit to be viewed uniquely, with a small table with a short bio and info regarding your display is also a great ""unique"" approach - don't be afraid to think outside the norm - sometimes the exhibition is only captured if it is even noticed - i once saw the artist pantomime to draw attention to her display - caught my eye! her work were black and white photography and that is what she wore - it tied in - everything should be somewhat basic - not overcrowded, but not too spaced out either. you will do great because it will be a reflection from your heart!"
"a few common element of her family saga are that the first few book are about the main character, who is commonly a girl. the fourth is about their child or another family member, and the last is about the first main character's mother or grandmother and how the event of the first book occurred.. . connection to rory emerald ---is it because her estate hired a ""ghost rider"" to continue her writings? thus tricking the public into believing she's still writing?"
"you mean british victorians. well they were technologically advanced in not only industry but also in engineering. the british empire that ruled over quarter of the world.. huge project such a bridge building, tunnels, london underground rail, steam power innovation and invention and scientific discovery not only in britian but in other country made the victorian era a boom time in human advancements."
"maitreya is the future buddha, and in some belief the final buddha.. . if you are dreaming about him, you are dreaming about the end of the world a we know it (not necessarily destruction, but the end of war, distrust, etc).. perhaps this buddha is born, and communicating to you. perhaps you are this buddha. or, perhaps you have been reading about this theory, and that is manifesting into dreams."
"imagine u had 3 brother that went away to different far away lands. they will all develop different customs.if you see them again after a few decade have past, youll see their culture will be different."
hahahaha thats funny! are you serious!!?? wow thats crazy!
"because christianity is not the righteous path to anything. it's just another religion created by some people a long time ago to find an excuse to cure their guilt for committing what they deemed ""sin."""
"because they are ""fair weather"" types....ie: they only take the high road when it suit them.. . and they probably go shopping there during bad weather."
"i've been on a tour round the factory and they told me, unfortunetly i wa drunk and not listening so i also don't know. i can remember them showing u really old advert with the bear in them though."
one way is to set the destination on your watch while on the plane and start doing routine like meal a you would at the destination. at least you condition yourself before arrival. and force yourself to sleep according destination timing too.
"the scientist believe that davinci wa just more than a artist, they believed he wa one of the most intellegant people of his time. they believe he encoded all of his work (paintings, sculptures, etc) with some sort of code that modern man is not able to break at this time. they belive davinci had the answer to some of the most asked questions."
"when the meat is cut, the moisture in the fleash rise to the surface, and the light refracts through it, like a prism. thus giving you colors. when you dont get that color, then you know the meat ha been there for a while, and is dried out."
how many titty do you have? i have two!
here's a few website that may be helpful. you may want to ask a leader of your church if they have any literature to help you learn more about your beliefs.
"hahaha i like how i got point for putting ""i'll find you"".. . answer one of mine and i'll give em back"
because boy are not raised to be men anymore.. there's no real ethic or values.... . no one just ha common courtesy or respect... it's f'd up
"kallisteia is a greek word that come from kallos, which mean beauty. in modern greek it mean a beauty contest. if you are referring to mythology, it could be something to do with kallisto, who is a nymph or some sort of mythological person."
because they think they can hide behind the computer. what they don't know is it is easy to trace someone via the net if you make the effort
"i think you live in a society that give too much on the appearance. in fact, i believe the attraction only come the fist few second you notice a person, then once you are getting engage into a conversation, the look don't really appear to be matter any longer. i've had many beautiful girlfriend before, and once you are getting into a fight with them, the look don't count anymore. in fact, once you got to know a person or live with them, the look hardly matter a you will not notice it a much a before you got to really know that person and talk to them."
if you are mexican it may be possible ... but the waiting line is long. if you are not mexican ... it's impossible.. . if job were easy in mexico ... there would be a whole lot le of them going to the u for work
"i don't know if he took lesson from elaine or not but i bet he got his slide step from cosmo, and his sense of humor from jerry. george i don't think contributed anything ( i mean did he really ever) and newman well that is a question best not pondered."
very diffrent. the book are not in order.. here is a website with the book in proper order.
"hotmail; free email from msn.... . hotmale; that's me, according to my wife..."
did you mean krakatau. . krakatau: a small volcanic island in indonesia between java and sumatra; it violent eruption in 1883 wa the greatest in recorded history
art is abstract and do not search for the definitions. just cherish it!
"nun and priests...by entering that order, they are entering into a marriage so to speak with god and the church. and i don't think that priest and nun consider their lifestyle ""torture"" a you said or punishment, they feel called to enter into that lifestyle, chosen, and probably pretty blessed."
a giclee is a fancy french name for a digital print. (but the translation's much funnier than i expected.) the link below will take you to a guy who apparently sell them.
it's a christian that belief that mary can't be a virgin if she gave birth to jesus. main cause of the religious war in europe during the 16th century. . (and they also have a whole lot of other belief that make the difference between them and the christians)
"take few warm jumpers, it's cold. rain doe not help, it's everyday. but it is a lovely city with a plenty to do and night life is rocking! have a good time."
death/birth certificate are public and are stored at the county vital stats office you can go to your county vital stats website and follow direction on how to obtain it there . they are not free and so you will prob need a cc to purshace one online and im sure they will add in a shipping fee. if your in no big hurry it will save you money to send away for it or go to the office and pick it up.
september is a good time weather-wise to come to boston unless of course you're planning on going to the beach. the weather is usually beautiful for walking around the city.
a far a i can gather it seems to be a dutch/german word but a for it meaning i dont know i have looked everywhere i can think of! sorry but good luck and would love to know what it doe mean-am intrigued now!
merlot is a dry red wine made from a widely grown grape originally used in the bordeaux region of france for blending. while cabernet is a dry red wine made from a single widely cultivated variety of black grapes.
how did u manage to write this question? (i thought ur keyboard wa broken) :d...seems like u fiexed the problem!
be honest with her. let her know you feel uncomfortable around her and you're not ready to be friend right now. i like the way you asked this question. it's too funny!
"i have always thought that wa an absurd thing myself. how can an innocent child be damned like that? personally, i did not have my child baptized. i have taught her to be open minded and if she want to explore getting baptized into a religion of her choice, she can do that when she deems to."
when rome had it empire there wa no such entity a italy. even in the middle age there were still city state in the area which is now italy. italy a a political entity did not happen until much later.. . the roman empire wa goverened by rome where the emperor resided and all the element existed there.
he wa paul's best friend. it wa carried on in honor of his father.. . you are probably right though....after a few thousand year i would be kinda pissed too
"the best way to learn to paint is to go study under a master painter, but if that seemes to expensive and out of reach try taking some workshop in the summer and go to any college and get a teacher, somebody that can creatique your work constructively. without constructive criticism it is almost impossible to get better."
"hidden video camera, make sure you park your car a close a possible to your house especially in the afternoon when there are lot of kid out there, alarm that can sound when your car is touched, if you have a dog, make sure put your dog outside with a leash in the afternoon so the dog can watch your car, make sure you open your window so you can see outside and see who touch your car. always watch the kids/teenagers in the afternoon because the best possible culprit is them."
"there's a critical lack of housing in the lake charles/sulphur region right now a several of the local apartment complex are still closed or condemned due to storm damage, and many people are still living in temporary housing while they try to restore or rebuild their houses. . . mostly, the hotel are full of worker who can't find short term housing anywhere else."
"depends on the persson who is saying it. normaly it mean someone who ha an ""i don't care"" or ""f the world"" attitude and take it out on others"
because they are world apart from each other. penguin live at the south pole (antarctica) while polar bear are at the opposite side of the world in the north pole.
"a friend of mine hunt only for the meat, not the trophy. the only meat he eats is what he kill himself and generally ha enough meat to last until the next hunting season."
"one will lead you toward god. the others away. one will whisper in your ear conviction that lead to repentance, the other will give condemnation unto guilt and destruction."
a author: writer: writes (books or story or article or the like) professionally (for pay) . . a novelist: one who writes novel
"get a sturdy tripod for the best panorama for starts.. . frame your first shot then turn the camera until the next shot will overlap the other by about one-fourth and continue until you are finished with the panorama or even a 360 degree one. then use a commercial software to stitch and trim the shot together or you can do it manually in adobe photoshop or some other photo editing software you are familiar with. if you want to print them, do so then trim them with scissors and tape them together on the backsides."
maybe a housecat. i like cat and they seem to have a pretty easy life.
"my understanding of enlightenment would be progressive understanding. by that definition, spiritual enlightenment would be the progressive understanding of spiritual things, right? so i think it's a slow dawning of the emotion ""oh, i get it !"" thing that you either couldn't or didn't understand slowly become understood and make sense to you.. become something you would be moved to defend or change your life or mind over."
most priest take a vow pf poverty and give all their money to the church. and theyre job is being a priest. they serve god through teaching the community.
"same reason we look at our poo before we flush. oh, admit it."
me too feel it hard but wat an individual can do?. unless unjust distribution of wealth is controlled.
"i think i saw them on e-bay. you may be able to get a bid in if you're quick enough. (probably want to have them authenticated, though)"
"an alcoholic is a person that let's his,(or her), drinking interfere with the normal daily life. for example- you drink instead of going to work-you drink despite protest from others who see your drinking a a problem-you drink to get drunk and not to be social-you drink into blackout and don't remember what you did the night before-you drink to stop pain,or anxiety,or feeling of loneliness,or to feel braver. there are many thing to point to you being an alcoholic."
"well, if your looking for instant gratification i can't help you, bt if you were looking for an actual job you may want to get into real estate. but if your looking for the here and now selling drug is known to work..."
the difference between a masala dosa and a rawa dosa is the rawa put in rawa dosa. a masala dosa is plain.
moisture in the air (usually caused by rain or mist) bend the sunlight going through it. a prism doe the same thing. the bent light separate into the color of the rainbow.
freedom for me is to be free from all vice and negative personality traits. real freedom is to be free from bondage of vices. u start leaving ur bad qualities.. u will start experiencing the real sweetness of freedom...
"you can boil the fruits, (brew it in other words) chill them and add sugar!!!!"
"i doubt if there are more filipino in uae than there are in the philippines. but korean do like visiting the philippine a it is closer to korea. they usually come here to study english because, yes, they can practice. it is also a requirement in korea that one ha to have a level of english proficiency in order to land a job in their country."
"i dont know. i guess it's the sound followed by a foul smell. and if your in a crowd and someone dropped the bomb, they usually smile and try to pin it on someone else. that make it even funnier."
lonely and unhappy. but good friend are hard to find. when you find a good one you will know. a good friend doe not judge you but will tell you if your wrong.
always read a chapter ahead. internalize it and you'll get an a+
im with that guy who want to run everyone off the road and living. it kinda hard to stop living. not that it a bad thing.
"i think all atm are made according to one template and it would not be cost effective to make a separate one. therefore, all atm have the braille dot on them."
"it really depends on your subjective view of the world. brujeria is spanish for witchcraft, although, not like it u.s. brothers, many mexican believe that brujeria is reality or some shade of reality, and they protect against evil witchcraft, which really give a bad name to the people that have advanced ""gifts"" from god and who use these ""gifts"" to improve the life of other people around them and to explain to the rest of u that there is a higher ""realm"" of reality ""out there"" and you only need to connect to your ""god"" or creator to be able to use these ""gifts"""
"the fictitious character known a jesus christ the weakling sadist (for all weakling are sadists) wasn't, isn't nor shall he ever be.. . religious fiction isn't good for your health."
"hospice care is for those who are going to die in the immediate future - it's caring for people on their deathbeds, regardless of age.. . nursing home are for elderly people who can't take care of themselves, but may or may not be at death's door."
"hum, what doe garlic chicken wing taste like? thats a tuffie! frog, yep thats the answer, it gonna taste just like a frog!"
"tell them you think they're so wonderful and they deserve someone better than you and you don't think you can give them what they want or be what they need you to be so they'd better look for someone else who'd truly deserve them.. . this is so tooth-achingly-sweet, it works!"
"why go to church, and pay your dues, only to being beaten down and berated, called worthless: you are nothing, this god is everything... . . how depressing and droll.. . instead, tune in to answer from your computer and get the real scoop, from us, who will tell you that human life is worthy and valuable .. and not to worry about thing like self sacrifice .. live a happy life here and now .. that is all you have, no afterlife .. what a joke .."
to show off your knowledge or superiority?. to make a point?. to challenge others to reconsider their own beliefs?. you have a desperate need to appear foolish?
"since it is a story that ha been told, adapted, and read by million of people for hundred of years, i would say that make it ""timeless."" it contains universal theme that are relevant to every generation and even across cultures. theme like family grudges, young people in love, love/relationships that are doomed from the start."
"late 70's early 80's. the idea came about to adjust to the palate of californian getting used to the taste of norimake(traditionally sour japanese pickle, kampyo(gourd), ginger shitaki mushroom and other type of pickled vegetables) where. used. avocado(california), imitation crab(milder tasting fish cake-kamaboko) and cucumber where introduced to offset the sourness of the rice and earlier vegetable used"
moth eat stuff that is mostly high in protein when they can't get enough. that's why they eat wool and other cloth made from animal skin/ hair. that's also why you put cloth that you don't want to be eaten by moth in cedar chests. for some reason they don't like the smell.
he is well qualified to be aussie. he like to drink beer and chase crock with that special look in his eye ;)
"maybe she's a lesbian and she like your avatar. i think you should just ignore her, and if she's still bothering you let me know. i'll kick her *ss for you."
"the saga of the surname 'milner' follows a line reaching back through history to the day of the anglo-saxon tribe in britain. it is a name for someone who worked a a person who wa a milner or more commonly known a a miller. the name is derived from the anglo saxon name myln which meant mill.. spelling variation include milner, milnor, and others."
"you mean a in, ""you little dickens"", etc.? it colloquial for ""devil"" or ""demon"" without saying so. just a once upon a time you wouldn't have taken the lord's name in vain, and would have said ""gee"" or ""gosh"", you wouldn't have wanted to summon up demons, so you'd say ""dickens"". (and it ha nothing whatsoever to do with charles dickens...)"
"expense... it cost quite a bit to desalinate and purify ocean water. the truth is, it george bush's fault you have a shortage to begin with. i don't know exactly how, but it must be."
"it is too bad when a so called christian can't cut someone some slack. a a christian, i am blessed, but don't take offence to ""good luck."""
"before baking, sprinkle on a package of powdered taco seasoning...i also often use a powdered buffalo wing seasoning (don't forget to get some bleu cheese dressing to dip it in!).. . alternately, try serving them a a ""topper"" for your caesar salad.. . obviously, you don't want to feed the spicy one to your toddler, but for the piece you're eating, it can add quite a bit of flavor!"
"just politely go up to them and say - please do not touch my balls, these are my ball and not yours. i do not play with your balls, i will invite you over if my ball need played with!!"
hi! to ascend and become a vessel of divine love.
"that's okay, i my own question all the time just by asking them out loud.. . then again, sometimes the smartest person you can talk to is yourself."
"in the mid seventy more fat wa added to the diet of canned pet food,coat luster,dog shampoo,extra stuff to market,pet padded beds,clothing,etc... fat also act a a sunscreen,preventing the sun,(i am assuming we are talking about lawn poo),tends to slow the sun harmful ray from oxidizing the canine fecal matter into chalky dried lawn ornaments. recent study indicate our pet have become obese along with same owners,more indication of high fat content. some of this could be geographic and economically influenced,so there may be a chance these anomaly exist in non affluent region"
"ha ha ha!never mind wearing the t shirt-i printed it!. a.b.h,affray,g.b.h,aggravated burglary,robbing a car then driving it without insurance,tax or even a provisional license,breach of the peace and a couple of drunk and disorderlys.. there you go.. why?do u wanna be my partner in crime?!!!!"
"i add a clove of crushed garlic and an envelope of lipton onion soup mix and let the meat sit for a bit until the onion are softened then make nice big burger and grill them on the grill. brush the bun with a little butter and grill them too and top them with a slice of mild cheddar cheese. you really don't need any other condiments, though grilled onion and mushroom are nice on them a a little change of pace, yum!"
"buy the wood chips- mesquite usually, soak them over night so they are good and wet.. put the wet chip in an aluminum tin under the grill surface and fire up the bbq - put your meat on, close the lid and leave it on low- . you can put a small amount of water in the tin a well to prevent the chip from totally drying out."
"lay - mizzer - arb - (luh). the final ""luh"" should be hardly pronounced, just very gently suggest it, almost a if it didn't matter if you said it or not."
a query is an official letter sent by normally the management of an organization to a staff or member of the organization seeking or requesting an explanation of their attitude or conduct during the performance of their duty. it is expected that the staff responds to the query or they will be sanctioned.
"when a man fall off a board. (jk) it mean when anyone fall into the water off a ship, boat, yacht, etc."
"the declaration of independence wa a document created by the american colony to declare independence from england. it wa an expectionally bold move at the time. imagine it like if a group of state got together and decided to break from america and then become it own country. the people who signed the declaration were considered traitors, and could have been killed for treason if caught by england."
because parent are oppressors. it's only natural to fight with them to assert your own independence.
"well, looking at your picture you are one heck of a beautiful dog. they most likely fell in love with your floopy ears. they probably keep coming back to try and figure out the language you are barking."
"he chose several woman a apostles, most likely mary magdeline wa one, and there are others not specifically mentioned.. . the one thing he didn't do wa choose a female desciple - there were only 12 of them, 13 if you count judas, and all were men."
"some people actually take everything seriously. if you mean on here, i think it can be difficult for some people to understand if they are not from the same place a you."
"the word started to acquire sexual connotation in the late 17th century, being used with meaning ""addicted to pleasure and dissipations"". this wa by extension from the primary meaning of ""carefree"": implying ""uninhibited by moral constraints""."
"aa shell says: hamlet had a sealed letter he wa to deliver when the three of them got to england, instructing the person who got the letter to kill the person who gave it to them. hamlet snuck a peek, knew that r&g didn't know what the letter said, and fixed it so that they'd be killed instead of him. that's why claudius wa so shocked to see hamlet back in denmark--he wa sure he'd taken care of him."
so that the bank cant get sued for discrimination against the blind ppl . . also if the passenger is blind they can use it to
"visitor can bring live flower although the orthodox custom, which many other jewish people also do, is to put stone on the grave instead. putting a pebble on the grave is an expression of someone having visited to pay respect for the deceased person."
2 options. . 1 - pen and paper. 2 - use a pc
"literally, it just mean ""pizza in the brasilian way"", a of brazilian usually do or know how to make pizzas. perhaps the waiter wa shocked that somebody might actually like brazilian pizza and not italian ones.. . ...unless there is something sexual in all that and we both miss the point...."
"there is a spirit realm that theologian believe in; . if there is talk of revising theology because of spirit and their power to tell secret like future events, then i would say they have begun to articulate the detail of something of the unknown.. there are bad and there are good spirits.. not something i would play with."
"different area have different traditional foods. poor boys, hush puppies, nachos, grits, etc. . i think that hamburger and fry is the most common ""american"" food."
read up on the japanese culture - it is not considered good form to show your private feeling in public. if you judge another culture using your cultural value you will almost never understand what is going on...
i always thought it wa a game. they throw two shoe with the lace tied together until it finally stay on the line.
"it is because they are in the southern hemisphere. all water go clockwise in the northern hemisphere, in the southern hemisphere they all go the other way. ha to do with gravitational pull."
"literally water from a spring!. . spring water: bottled water that flow naturally from an underground source to the surface of the earth. spring water must be collected directly from the spring or from a bore hole that is adjacent to the water's natural point of emergence.spring water collected by pump, or any other device applying external force, must retain all the property of, and be of the same composition and quality as, the water flowing naturally to the surface."
"and i just took my name from the greek, for thoughtful... mainworry doesn't like that.. . you're too awesome some person."
"franny in franny and zooey. she ha a good life yet she's troubled and confused, and she can't stand egotism!"
"vama veche is probably the most popular seaside resort for all kind of generations, especially the young one. vama veche used to be in the past an almost anonymous place, kinda hippie-alternative village for intellectual-alternative people to spend their alternative time in an alternative-back to nature way.. everyone feel happy and nobody care about money or stuff like that. everyone wanna dance, drink, dance, kiss, drink, watch the sunset and sunrises, kiss, make love, talk about small things…"
"girlfriend implies a romantic relationship, but can be used comically between women. ""lady friend"" can be a substitute if the woman is not a romantic partner."
"it's the result of the original 'dumbing down' exercise.. . you know what they say, ""a little education is a dangerous thing!"" and a lot of education is positively deadly!!"
7 chuck norris clones. thanks for the 10 point
if you were to send them to me i would hand wash them gently and then hang them to dry. while they were drying i would kneel before them and pray to them in earnest
"all right, of course 'ich liebe dich' mean 'i love you'.. . 'ich habe dich lieb' is almost synonymous; it doe not mean 'i have love for you', but 'i am very fond of you'.. . 'dich' is not different from 'du' a regard informality of address; it is only a different grammatical form. both are intimate addresses, incomparable to anything in english where you have 'you' without a dinstinction of formality or informality."
"it just because your skin. but there are more state and country that treat equal opportunity to white, yellow, gold, green and black people, dig?"
"~~ the real reason is because adam and eve screwed up. god created man with free will, and with free will come the abillity to make mistakes. adam and eve made a mistake and listened to temptation, and let sin into the world...then there wa cain and abel, sodom and gommarah, then lot's wife looking back after being commanded not to, then lot's daughters, not to mention all the other screw ups in the old testament, so jesus came to fulfill the prophacy that the messiah would come and god in his infinate wisdom knowing that we would screw up again sent him down a a sacrefice for all our screw ups...jesus is now our advocate to god the father, and because he lived a human life, fell down a a kid, scraped his knees, wa tempted, lived among people, he understands now why we screw up... (he know what we are going through) and if we believe in him, and his sacrefice for us, that we are covered under his blood for our sins, we can be with him in heaven (he didn't have to, he chose to, because he love us) ~~"
"they don't fit in too well, since christianity is a baseless, silly myth. dinosaur won't fit into the story of peter pan, either. same thing..."
"to meticulous person such a ourselves, having the calendar run out in december and not pick up again until march probably seems like a pretty casual approach to timekeeping. however, we must realize that 3,000 year ago, not a helluva lot happened between december and march. the roman at the time were an agricultural people, and the main purpose of the calendar wa to govern the cycle of planting and harvesting."
"basing your opinion of someone only on their look is sometimes called a ""first impression"". sometimes that the only thing you have to go on.. . but a you get to know someone personality that first impression usually changes."
"same a ""off the hook"" or ""wicked"". in normal language it mean crazy good"
"carpaccio refers to a dish made of thinly sliced raw beef or tuna, usually served a an appetizer.. . carpaccio is used variably and often refers to any very thinly sliced presentation of food which can range a widely a apple, kangaroo, tomatoes, langoustine, and trout - and a great many more. similarly the amount of cooking the 'subject' receives varies from none at all to searing, to rare cooking, to fully cooked."
"even i dont understand this entire religion thing...if we wudnt have been divided into religion then world wud have been a better place to live in...with every religion trying to prove itself better than the other, we have even lost our basic human principal like kindness, forgiveness, etc. we are ready to kill each other for it but where the hell doe any religion asks it follower to kill each other for it...will any of these religious people explain this...all these people who make an issue out of it are not even worth belonging 2 any religion.... well honestly i am not the kind who'll just go blah blah blah about my religion but i just respect others a individuals...& when i have children, i'll try my best 2 make them good human being & not segregate people into religions..."
weirdest would have to be that the president control the weather. i do wonder if he had his hand honestly in the katrina thing.
"i don't know how to define pornography but i can tell it when i see it. ~some guy.. . pornographic materiel is anything that evokes a carnal urge in a human. one person can look at michalangelo's david or bottecelli's the birth of venus a magnificent master stroke of art, while others will see them a vile pornography."
"i belive the reason they blame mcdonalds for there child getting big is because they cant put the blame on themself. they ""being the parents"" cant admit that it is there own fault that there child are getting fat from eating mcdonalds ""or any fast food for that matter"" because they are to lazy or ""busy"" to actually cook a good and healthy meal for there kid"
"why did you let him tear you up like that. now u cant hook up for a while. tell him to take it easy, and take some tylenol pm and drink a beer, it should be better in the morning. by the way im not a homo, im married and ive never done that thing you are talking about"
"when ripe, it should be firm, but not hard when pressed gently. after cutting open it should be used immediately, or rubbed with some lemon juice to keep it from turning brown, and kept in the fridge for no more than a day"
somewhere where the soul is content and happy and where everything make sense. where nobody feel that they have to have a go at anyone else to make themselves more important. a place where you meet up again with all those whose life you lost.
"many different reason , some people are just ignorant, some just want to feel better about themselves and can only do it by putting someone else down ,and some are just insecure about their own weight . a lot of people treat anyone different from them badly ."
"1. a contributing member of society without hiderance. no reliance upon support system from government, medicine, or church.. . 2. a fully-functional individual with understanding of their place in society, and the ability to convince, argue, contemplate and promote their position.. . 3. experience"
"what i do is refrigerate the onion before cutting, that seems to work well. though i haven't tried it, (because my way work for me), i saw on the graham kerr show, graham left the root part of the onion when he peeled it,he said leaving it on during slicing help to eliminate tears......"
"that's an excellent question that i would like to know the answer to a well. also, to add to this, why is it when one disagrees with someone is that person automatically accused of hatred? i just disagree - that doesn't mean i hate."
because people like to party! it's part of being human.
"it sound good. better than cowsh*t or dogsh*t, although horsesh*t sound pretty good too. elephantsh*t is a greater quantity than bs, but it is too long."
"1. a clustering of disease in a family, with no specific inheritance pattern, but more case than chance alone would predict.. . 2. it occurs in families, whether or not transmitted genetically. it occurs more often in the relative of an affected person than in the general population; trait that tend to ""run in families"" (eg, diabetes, neural tube defects).chicken pox is considered familial, but is not genetic"
"a robert frost says, ""nothing gold can stay"". how boring would life be if we did not grow and change?"
"contact your local police department. i used to work a police/fire dispatcher in texas, and in our city we required vendor to buy a license from us."
"actually, they're quite high in added sugar. cut the sugar, and you're good to stay with whole grains."
"heart taste best thinly sliced and cooked like a steak. it's strongly flavored, so best served with a creamy tomato sauce, or similar.. just be sure not to damage y0our stomach whilst removing the heart, otherwise the whole experience is a for nought.l"
it mean the favorite friend you have amongst all others. ok?
"you need to file a credit card. that way, they know you are legitimate."
"these actually sound like two occupational decriptors. ina health facility, for instance, clinical would refer to providing actual direct patient care while administrative would be office work, planning, fundraising, supervising, directing and making sure the light stay on fiscally."
both are very annoying and i am addicted to this site. i can't even sleep any more. for real.
"firstly distinguish between extremist , remember many believe in becoming a martyr and to question how much one belief in their own religion is not acceptable nor done. this is also due to tradition, culture and i believe lack of education. . it all come back to them believing it is god will."
"for stranger or aquaintances: no idea, but it seems intrusive, doesn't it?. . for close friends, family, or the father: it is a mean of sharing the experience, anticipating the baby coming, and thinking about it growing. also, if the baby is far enough along, you can feel it move."
which matrix are you talking about? in math it like a big bracket with many number in it. it also a title of a movie and there a dance move which is a move in the movie matrix
"look for the gift it brings. everything either teach you a lesson, make you stronger, or brings you closer to your true path in life. if you look back over your life, you'll usually be able to see that, without adversity, you would have missed out on a lot of fabulous experience and you would not be the person you are today."
"when you use sage, you could chop it but i prefer to just ""bruise"" it to get the essential oil out of it. to do this, i take the leaf or leaves, and take the back side of a knife (the non-sharp side) and beat the leaf until you start to smell sage strongly. i then take the leaves, put it in a cheesecloth, tie it off and put in whatever you are making (unless it is stuffing or the like, then chiffonade it). the cheesecloth make it easy to get the leaf out when you are done."
"evolutionist believe that there is no god because they don't want to live in harmony with what the bible says. they themselves want to play god, and if they say there is no god, then whatever they do, they think that they are not to be held accountable for their actions."
"they are unferitlazed and yes, the hen produce without them being fertilized. it like how woman have egg in there body and if they don't get used for making a baby, we just expell it and go on."
"first of all you should have a professional revise your wokr, and help you with the final draft. after that make sure you get the copyright for your work. after that you should make appointment with different publishing house"
"because this wa a male duty to perform his skill in everyday life. woman performed a his subordinate, so she did well a well. in that time man could perform well out of home when his woman performed very well in the home. now time ha change and and a woman is working a well so after a couple of millennium your for child will see their performance."
"because most people who ascribe to a religion (and thus most people who read the text and those who publish them) believe them to be entirely true.. it would be like putting a caveat on a science journal saying that not all of the result are true, at least to people who believe their religious texts."
i haven't really got an opinion about them. they leave me pretty indifferent.
why would they be proud of that? getting the real thing is something to be proud off.
plz u can search this question out. sooo many ppl have asked this question. why dont you just search for it
"probably better than it is now. no pollution, no ozone worries, no construction, and no animal going extinct by hunting for pleasure."
"because affluent people tend to socialize around activities, like sailing or tennis, and can afford to travel and pay for those activites, while people with modest income make do with the people around them.. . neither is better than the other - the poorer people have a greater sense of community in the immediate nearby sense, while the affluent people combine their business networking in with thing they like to do, because they can afford to.. . at least, that's the way i see it."
you asked for comeback lines!!! i would say that wa one! if u meant you wanted to hear more thing similar to what you wrote then you did not make question clear enough. p.s sorry i thought you meant what response could be given to what you had stated.
"coffee ha alphabenzoate which is a stimulant extract of caffeine that is released when the coffee bean is roasted.. . the nicotine, when ignited, take this chemical compound found in caffeine and accentuates the 'headrush'. the rich aroma and taste of coffee compliment the tobacco leaf because alphabenzoate accelerates the addictive quality in both the coffee and smoke."
"this site explains it in easy to follow steps:. ""how to host a spoon-bending party?"""
"nobody really knows. remember when he wa ""the evil grimace"" way back when? maybe he's a demon or something."
"i'm against illegal immigration, but i have no problem with legal immigration. i'm against illegal immigration because those people aren't supposed to be here but they are. it's like having a really tiny house, and just going to live in someone's mansion and using their thing without permission. it's the same thing."
"it mean fulfill their dreams. do what they wanted for your family and wanted for the world, or whatever it is they wanted out of life. fulfill their dreams."
you need to verify the ticket with an official agent (seller) of lottery tickets. what questions? depends on how big the win is... may be asked do you want that dollar in paper or coin all the way up to what's your social security number for taxation purposes.
you can learn html. there are several great website around that will be willing to help you out in their forums.. . a website where i learned just about everything i know is in the forum of this website...
"i think the red, blue, purple combination, i think the white may pale it down too much or change the color all together. you may also want to try a little orange to get it to shift to the red more.. . fuschia is very close to hot pink or bubble gum if that helps."
i suppose due to fear cultivated by clergy!. different religion and ruler work against nature!
me: do you want to get something to eat?. roommate (playing a computer game): why?. me:(sigh)...because...it's lunch time and i'm hungry.
"ah, but by letting you suffer, the lord is letting you follow jesus' example. you haven't gone wrong. see?"
"king louis 14th wa overthrown and he and his wife, marie antoionette were beheaded. they then installed a parlementary system and have had it ever since."
"to 'edit' a myspace, you need one of two things: 1) a knowledge of cascading style sheet (css), or b) a site that doe it all for you.. in reality, when someone 'pimps' their 'space, they are in fact just overlaying different color and such...much like laying a rug on a carpet floor. the carpet is unaffected, but the floor look different.. check out the side below for a good editor for myspace called ""thomas' myspace editor""..."
"hurricane-level storm rarely go to houston. they do get high wind and high water, though."
babysit. yard work . wow i feel bad for you sorry to hear that :(
for many reason ..and most of it the oil of iraq ... and sure not the freedom of the ppl there .... . god/ allah bless u
"because the name is derived from a dutch word that mean ""little cake"" and isn't it more fun to eat a whole bunch of little cake instead of one big cake? . . for instance, i just ate a whole bag of oreo's today...but if i ate a whole cake today that would just sound soooo much worse wouldn't it?"
"peel the skin off, a lot of the chemical are in the skin. i recommending buying organic if you can. strawberries, apples, and peach are fruit that are high in pesticides."
first find a good agent. talk to already published writer about their experience with publishing. or you can go the ebook route which i guess is easier and also new-fashioned.
is it really crime that's rising? or the medium coverage of it?
the main character had a sister who ha mental problems. she ha to go to a special school and the main character doe not want her to.
"brace yourself, what do you see. google it and visit"
it's not about the faking issue here. it's more about the acting and the adrenalin rush of seeing wrestler being punch to pulp and oh...there blood etc... it's just like you are watching tv show with all those special effect.
"participate in a lot of church activities, like volunteering to help them with free will offering supper and volunteer to help with kid's church school and thing like that. just be kind to everybody and if somebody asks to cut in front of you in line because they are in a terrible hurry, let them because it could be much more important than your agenda, such a going to the tanning salon afterwards. write letter to the soldier in iraq and send them gift such a some snack food and game and thing to keep them busy and occupied, maybe even some warm blanket and pillow to make them more comfortable."
"i dont think you can really tell. i think we can tell if the person is clumsy or smart enough to fake the level of spirituality they want u to think they have reached.. . sometimes people make u think they are really spiritual when they are not, so i think it is obvious that the difference between a very spiritual person and someone who is not, we cannot see it just by the quality of their religious speech, it implies something deeper.. . i think you have to see that person lifestyle and behaviour to find out."
"it sticking your tongue out at someone haha. the lady think it cute, i guess. haha. the younger nerdier one atleast."
"way back when, before modern education, television and the internet, grammar school is what is now known a elementary school and covered the 1st thru 5th grades. then came junior high school, which is now know a middle school, covering the 6 through 9 grades. then came high school which covered 10th through 12th grades. same thing, different names."
woman are soft and warm. magnet are hard and cold
"life itself, it is amazing and wonderful to be here, even in the bad times. the people you meet, the thing yo can see, you get out what you put in."
"it wa to show that man and woman are meant to be a set. they are to work side by side. you notice god did not take a bone from adam foot, nor did he use a bone out of his back, so woman should not be walked on by men nor should the walk behind but beside him instead!"
"this is a subjective question, it depends on who is determining their ""good"" qualities. a mormon will classify a good person differently than an athiest. i think being good is treating others the way you wish to be treated."
because it's fun. imagine if you didn't judge anybody and nobody judged you. how boring would life be.
it is important because we wish to learn how we all become the way we are i.e. how the hell do we learn how to recognize something funny... sad blah blah. what make a murderer and what make a good natured person.
in the page of yahoo answer ... go to search advanced ..and then make search for necknames of asker .... . good luck :)
i personally think it flattering either way. but there are not alot of people who think the same way. i think homophobia ha a huge part to play when it come to a topic like this. if you are not comfortable with someone being gay you are certainly not going to be comfortable if they look at you in a sexual manner or just think about you in that manner.
"mate, get a job over there, buy a house ( don't rent) near your work place, go to the pub mix around and drink beer with aussie guys. however they don't talk much haha."
because american cant eat whole foods. it wa where all the nutrient were but they removed it because they only wanted the sugar and fat.
"actually, both type of olive are now available in both can and jars. check out some of the specialty food store or delis. in the past, the number and type of recipe that use these type of olive probably dictated how these olive were packaged. a recipe evolve, so do the packaging of food products."
it really matter le than you realize. just relax and have a good time. nobody is going to care how well you dance. nobody is even going to notice unless you bump into them.
"the origin of cop, short for copper, ha a couple of different supposed origins.. both go back tot he early 1900's, and one of those story say that police were known a copper because of the amount of money they made, which wa penny a day. the other story state that they were called this by criminal because of their jacket buttons, which were made out of copper. both were used a derogatory terms.. a for policeman, it merely come from the combination of police, a word for keeping order and such, and man, which is an oft used tack-on, like in fireman."
"early expedition and settler heading west would begin in st louis, which wa the last large city on the road west for a long time. they would travel up the missouri river to reach the northern plain when those area were being settled. the gateway arch wa built to show the significance of st louis to the westward expansion of our nation."
"hiya, they sound quite interesting, try these links, hope they help!!"
i think it's just what happens. you don't really notice it.
oh what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive. sir walter scott
p r a c t i c e. . and. . p a s s i o n
"if this guy is your freind and u think that you know him well, then you should know what his reaction is going to be so you should do what you think is best. follow ur heart. i know that sound cheeesy but it's good advice."
"not harmful, normally, even healthy a activating circulation. could however harm a more delicate digestive track, a stomach ache, intestine irritation, etc."
i don't think it's just women. men do both a well. i think it's just preference..and whether the person care about their environment.
"well maybe it because nalga mean butt cheek....de nada the d sounding like a d mean your welcome.lol but on the other hand, dont stereo type people. some white people are rude too, and after being married to a mexican for three year they (the mex) have emotion just like you and me!"
"the ""meaning"" or purpose of life is to perpetuate itself, plain and simple. of all the thousand of specie of plant and animals, this is the ""urge"" they all share that drive them forward."
many of the people who came to america from europe in the 1700-1800's were people seeking religios freedom that they didn't have in europe at that time. much of that religios ferver ha been pass through the year to the current americans.
"the true reason wa that politician in europe and functionary in the league of nation never got a grasp on the fact that hitler really meant what he said first in mein kampf and then from the german chancellery.. so instead of sending the french army in to arrest him in any of the five year before he attacked poland, they talked, appeased, and hoped he would go on bothering someone else.. i've already written a lot more detail replying to other people's questions, if you are really interested.. the truth is when someone go around eliminating his political competitors, taking control of governments, and declares openly his desire for subjugation and conquest...and add the tidbit that he want to kill all jews, perhaps, just perhaps, people should take a stand quickly, not when it so late that million must die."
"i dont know ...but i know thats room in french mean "" chambre "". . good luck"
"umm.. isn't faith suppose to have some real and true fact about it? the bible at least ha some factual basis for some of what is in it, such a the place mentioned, they have been proven to be real, the book of mormon can't even do that. faith need some kind of factual basis for it to stand not nothing."
oh come on-it wa illegal and it took woman year to make it legal-you are probably too young to remember when woman aborted baby with a coat hanger or by throwing themselves down stairs. or some dirty drunk doctor performing abortion on his kitchen table? no antibiotics-etc...lots of woman bled to death-many could never have child after the butcher job that wa done on them.. for me-i am against abortion for anyone else they can do what they can live with!
"why do you think?! use your head and think! they got tired of being beaten, raped, worked to death and having their family ripped apart!"
"co parent are concern about their precious girl going out and meeting harms.. . it a matter of their fear of the unknown that might befall their loved one, which in this case, you honey.. . go hug your parent, tell them you are a big girl now, and perhaps they will learn to let go a little bit more."
"i like that little poem. you should have it written in calligraphy, frame it, and hang it above your door."
"evolutionist don't have a problem with explaining it...because they are god and know everything.... . really, because they don't know, they just throw out an educated guess and then pas it off a fact, like the whole theory of evolution."
a double boggy in golf is when you hit the ballin the hole 2 over par. like say it is a par 5 hole u get the ballin the hole on the 7 shot u got a double boggy. i hope this helps.
"i don't like wednesday. it is too far from friday, and completely past sunday."
"the best and creamest icecream is a custard, and then chilled before added to an ice cream freezer. it is much richer and creamier ( but harder to make) with egg a a basic custard but well worth it!"
i do! if you work for a big company in new york you get all the time u want ( a long a your work get done by the end of the day your good)!!
"dude, i remember him. right off of i-435 at 63rd st! omg! he gave $5 hj's in the bathroom."
"first you interview your family for a much information and date a you can get. then you need to look at census record for the area where they lived.. . you can go to rootsweb, family search, and genweb for some free sites."
"unless you have indian roots, religious inclination, or a scholarly curiosity, i doubt very much if there's a stampede to get a copy of it from the local bookstore to make it in the next bestseller list.. . the gita is quite involved and the narrative are quite arcane and complex. to me, it is much more demanding than reading the bible. i have yet to finish the one given to me by a friend."
is that considered being aware of the god's presence. some call it practicing god's presence.
"beer is a general term. all lager are beer, but not all beer are lagers. beer can also be ales, pilsners, etc, it just a general category name."
it's an illegal drug which make people high and then numb to reality. crystal meth is the reason many cold and allergy med are off the shelves. some of the ingredient used to make it are or were in med like sudafed. you don't want to mess with meth.
because people don't respect the difference in culture religion and society. surely it should be a freedom of choice.
you don't. sometimes we have to have the courage to do the right thing even if it will inevitably hurt someone.
"good question. benjamin franklin is credited with making the statement, ""he who trade freedom for security deserves neither."" unfortunately, we american are quickly becoming a nation of dependents, waiting for a hand-out from the government for everything, ie- new orleans- post hurricane katrina."
"primal responsponse. without it, the specie would not be here and you would not be here to ask the question."
we all get embarrassed at times. that is human nature. just be yourself and everything will fall into place!
"juking, i've been told, is a type of dance in which the girl will bend over and shake and rub her bum against her partner's genital area. i believe this is how they dance at club nowadays. it is rather disturbing that pre-teen kid would be doing that at that guy's basement."
you've never heard of the yellow pages? look up a place that sell common sense while you're at it.
i'm not sure what your idea of affordable is...but i'll give you which area are cheaper than other areas...if you want something close to pv...then north phoenix off the 51. south scottsdale but it'll be farther to drive. anything near the west would be a difficult drive since there no freeway going east. south phoenix is ok if you dont mind the crime rate higher than north phx...but north phx is my recommendation a it close to pv and you got the freeway
"i believe that the pope, along with other well established christian religous leader believe that the general public may believe that this ""fictional movie-book"" is fact. especially the weak willed uneducated. a lot of people believe everything they see on tv or in the theater to be real. sad"
"because people are mean, they need to put others down to make themselves feel better. you really shouldn't care what others think, but i am sure it hurt when they bully you. just remember there is always tomorrow and tomorrow is a new day. stay positive and be happy!"
co with incris in globalization yu hav different people from diferent cantris lacking proper training and adding their own touch to de english language. . . also co they are stupid.
"beginning in the new kingdom, amun's divinity wa enhanced by suggesting that he wa an incarnation or manifestation of the ancient sun god (re/ra) of heliopolis. amun had long been a deity associated with thebe and already had status a a preemininent deity. he wa further associated with the sun with the addition of the epithet ""eldest of the god of the eastern sky"". there is also a stela dating the reign of amenhotep ii from luxor temple the equation of the two god is furthered by the beginning of hymn which say ""amun, when he rise a harakhti"" - harakhti being yet another name of the sun god, referring to a specific incarnation of the sun god (the rising sun), and futher associated with the deity horus."
"2 people have already asked this question and look it up, but to save you the time i will tell you, when he wa sailing. he wa hoping to see land so then it would be kina like being blind, hence looking for someone with your eye closed."
"good question, here my answer, we think we are smart.. we think that we are all that matter and that we are the smartest and the strongest. well here how it is, we are killing ourselves we are going to cause our own extinction and you know whats going to surviveis cockroaches."
"because in the stage of developing the negative is placed through a machine that on leaf the photo section exposed for processing.. . if you want to have the actual number exposed you will have to create a contact sheet, otherwise even in processing the number on that part of the film will be black."
we do not make anything blue - we perceive the colour blue.... . your second question is unfairly posited and cannot be dealt with here...
"are you from texas? we eat that all the time and it's wonderful...chiken fried steak is a round steak, tenderized and seasoned, usually with salt, pepper and garlic powder. it's then dipped in a mixture of egg and milk and then floured and then fried...giving it a lovely golden brown ""crust"" consistent with the look of ""fried chicken"" hence ""chicken fried steak"". it's really good."
"you can hire people to do that and there are web site to help you . the first step you should take is to ""interview"" all of your relative (living one unless you have a ouija board)"
"he wa actually only going to be on the quarter for one year, 1932. it wa going to be a special commemorative for the 200th anniversary of his birth. but the public liked the coin so it wa kept.. . lincoln wa added to the cent in 1909 to celebrate the 100th anniversary of his birth."
"there would have to be some sort of apple/orange committee involved made up of bananas, pears, lemons, tomato and cherries. they would then examine each apple/orange on a case-by-case basis, tallying their result until they had enough data to release a standard formula or procedure to perform a comprehensive comparison on any apple/orange in existence."
"the truth is what you believe it is, whoever you are and whatever you believe.. . every city seems to have it crazy guy like that one, btw. i don't know why."
"regions. there is no difference other than those are different name used in different regions. much like some region call it soda, others pop, others use the generic ""coke."""
they are both equally important. you need the confidence to succeed in education. to take the class you want and to have the condfidence to get a good grade reflects on who you are. the confidence also help you to take the risks.
because they want to know how you felt about their answer and they want to know if they helped. it's an invite to e-mail them nothing else!
some people think that bringing others down make them look better. it all amount to low self esteem
"hypothetical question exist for u to exercise our minds, and run with different reality to those that are actually existing.. . hypothetically, if we were unable to use hypothetical question we may find ourselves needing to self-experience many more situation than is currently necessary a we would be unable to comprehend the consequence of something that had not yet happened or wa likely to happen.. . hypothetically speaking, i'm just glad we still have them!"
the use of agriculture and did they use irrigation? hmm.... very clever
seriously dude !! have u had a loved one pas i'm sure you have and u seen him or her inside a box
surely the question should be 'why do some people cut their hair short'? it is just personal preference.
"you don't have to swear on the bible, besides doing so doe not guarantee you would be truthful. look at the untold number of convicted perjury (even christians) who swore upon the bible to: ""tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth so help me god"" to see that a simple ceremonial oath doe no good. all court in this country allow a person to 'affirm' their testimony, but that too is no guarantee of 'truthiness'. (as stephen colbert would say)"
you would have to put tasty looking food with rat poison in it so that the next time he eats it he will surely perrish. i don't think anyone will miss someone who eats out of the garbage anyhow so you are cool.
bread? hummm. the only bread i know of are; the kind that you eat and the slang for money.
"there isnt a hindu prayer position, is there? i've never heard of one at least. i thought that they just stand with their hand together"
"i only know why plant are green. plant have something in their cell called a chloroplast, which ha chlorophyll, a green pigment that make it look green.. . that's all i can tell you deary. :-)"
"monty python have answered that question in their film called the ""meaning of life"". the answer is simple : ""there is life before death""!"
"unless you are a power seller there is no phone support. you can use the ""live help"" link in the upper right corner of the ebay home page. it's a good a a phone chat, only type written. there really are ebay employee there."
"that would depend on where it is flying to and from, just like any other aircraft (length of trip).. an average altitude in the u would be between 32000 and 37000 feet. . air traffic control ha the final say and they do a great job in this country"
"good question!. . i live in canada so it is really bad here, and seeing a such a large number of people are on ""assistance"" the gov like to cater to them because it is a big # of vote to lose if they don't. it wa a little problem that is out of control now, and when the unemployed are the majority....it's all over."
"in a mason jar would be best, assuming you do not own a cannery. green giant and other corporation have canneries, for home canning, mason jar are best. go to ask jeeves or your county extension agent for complete detail on how to can salsa."
i think that two people sexual need should be about the same in order to have a relationship. if person a want sex every day and person b would rather it be a once a week thing the two will clash. i think that sex is a healthy thing and if two people enjoy pleasuring eachother and there is also love and trust and understanding then your relationship ha a shot.
because people are irrationally dramatic. they need something to make their life feel worthwhile after they are taught they're not useful enough to do it themselves.
"to make the perfect cup of iced coffee, you need to brew the coffee double-strength (use double the ground in the filter a you would for a hot cup of coffee) then add a few cup of ice and chill. to sweeten it, i suggest liquid sweetener like a simple syrup because granulated sweetener are hard to dissolve in cold stuff. sip and enjoy!"
their pulse will race. hold the inside of wrist and feel. or you can just feel their heart pounding. give them a good hug.
"good question and i am no proponent of religion, but, based on comment by those addicted to religion, religion doe apparently prevent some people from murdering their neighbors, raping their children, stealing (whatever they get their hand on) and an unlimited list of behavior most people consider inappropriate.. . in that sense, it doe do some good.. . but, for most, it is just a nuisance that prevents them from operating properly, and a you point out, is a virus."
"south african is amazing, sound a bit like australian and indian (middle eastern) combined. very sexy..."
the temperature of the oil is important a is the amount. you want enough oil to cook the chicken without soaking it. the most important factor in awesome fried chicken is keeping the outside nice and crispy while the inside is nice and tender. i personally use corn flake to help with that.
"maybe you're not using enough cornstarch. my recipe call for 1/3 to 2/3 cup sugar with 1 tablespoon cornstarch; add 1/4 cup water. stir in 4 cup unsweetened peach slices, cook and stir till thickened and bubbly."
"have you found yourself very good at something you do? if so, that is the thing you are potentially talented for. follow your instinct and make your talent into your future career."
"nobody dress up for theater anymore, and the one that do look odd. if you feel the need, like you're on a date, business casual should be the look. if you find the urge to put on spike heels, you've gone too far."
we don't need to spell or worry about syntax. didn't you hear jesus died on the cross so we wouldn't have to worry about punctuation and the like.
"this is something relatively unknown among people. it is in honor of peter, who wa martyred on an upside down cross. roman catholic believe him to be the first pope, so since then they have done this."
probably 8 or 9 am. in some state it's noon.
the cheesecake will not set if you don't. it will be all gooey..
it's all an urban myth!. . there is no mention of it anywhere in the bible!
"woa, a lot actually. and they all have websites, so you can check em out.. . valley girl, sportsgirl, espirit, supre, missshop (located in the department store myer), cotton on, ice, jay jays, just jeans, jean west"
hmm...cool...i know!. . aaaaaaahhhhhhh! get this ice cube outta my pants!
"it show your responsibility awareness. i, a an employer, would like to know that you are responsible and cautious with your own life. when you can handle your own debt and money...you will be able to handle mine"
"1. ground him.. 2. spank him.. 3. take away his privileges.. 4. keep him out of pizza hut.. 5. make him mop the floor and do the dish and cook dinner.. 6. ask him what is bothering him.. 7. community service.. 8. take him to church.. 9. ....well, i'm done"
buy a baggie of chronic bud. buy some rolling papers. go to town on that stuff.
i believe that the purpose of life is to simply give life meaning. some people see that a a call for service to god. others see that a a family and others still see that a service to their country or job. i believe that my purpose in life is to contribute a much a my mind can handle to further the intellectual development of man.
"i don't know why, but i loved it. get it really icey cold"
"i'm with you brother. although i'm not fond of christian claiming they were ""born again"" i have often wondered what keep atheist going. according to them, our only purpose is to be born, grow, reproduce, and die. where's the fun in that?"
a person who know something know that he know nothing at all. people are so ignorant of other people's difference because they are ignorant themselves. ignorance can be learned from. stupidity cant.
the average temperature of the earth is 1 degree higher than it wa 100 year ago. seems like the glacier are melting so we should all have more fresh drinking water!
"basically if you can dream it, set your mind to being it. i have two professional degree and no paid job. i focused on my hobby creative writing and i have now been offered a place in an anthology and regular columnist work for cash.. . just dream big and stay determined."
with a little planning they can. the secret seems to be don't bring work home and to bring your personal life to work. good luck.
i never answer my door to anyone except people i know. it is just a safety issue with me. ingnore them a buying anything from anyone encourages them to come back again.
"all of the above, plus the fact that petra's exterior (specifically the treasury) wa used in the closing scene of spielberg's ""indiana jones and the last crusade"".. . on december 6, 1985 petra wa recognized a a world heritage site by unesco.. . for more details, see"
i've answered a similar question to this before and my answer is still the same...if we took the time to listen to people in this day and age instead of being obsessed with our own life and happening then maybe there wouldnt be the need to post a many suicide question or a many suicidal people out there. the human race a a whole is just becoming selfish.
coke stopped producing it in the u.s. & that's when the black cherry & vanilla coke wa introduced. (although some quantity left over from the last shipment sent out are still available for purchase in some areas.)
"money is a necessary thing. we need it to survive.. people worry about it because they want to keep their way of life and perhaps even move further on.. . it should not be our focus, but it's something we must keep in our pocket."
"there is a vein there that run from your finger to your heart .. so nothing except death can keep you from your spouse. make alotta sense, and it so cute."
"catholic are simply asking mary, who is with god, to take care of us. fyi, you can ask anyone who ha passed on to go to god for you. it doesn't mean you are worshipping grandma jenny or uncle abe. after all, you can ask your mom to ask your dad for a favor, but you know that your dad is the one doing the favor -- allowance, borrow the car, whatever."
an asteroid is any of numerous small celestial body composed of rock and metal that move around the sun (mainly between the orbit of mar and jupiter). comet is a relatively small extraterrestrial body consisting of a frozen mass that travel around the sun in highly eliptical orbit
it kinda the same. because you can see both.
reparation were made to the country of europe which defeated germany in product such a coal and steel and machinery.. this had a bad effect on country such a the u.k because this free coal depressed the price of the coal produced by their own miner and led to great unemployment and hardship when the mine owner cut the wage of their workers.
"contact the locl newspaper & place an ad.. aberdeen is the press & journal, lang stracht, mastrick, aberdeen. scotland.. edniburgh i'm afraid i'm not sure.. maybe you could try friend re-united website."
"for the cartoon one ... click your name - edit my info - edit my avatar. . to upload your own you need yahoo360, which you can do from there too"
"i can't ever leave the house.. i watched law and order about 17 times, and audition and fun with dick ......and jane"
"it's part of their culture and traditions, in the same way allowing one's child to find their own mate is part of western tradition. the caste system provides some impetus for this practice."
"the purpose of life is to be true to yourself. always do the right thing, no matter how hard the right thing is."
study. apply what you learn to yourself. be the best example you can be.
mature woman give of a more confident vibe. they also are more forgiving and willing to educate a younger man .younger woman are not a patient a older females.a mature womaen is willing to communicate clearly what she want and what she like better.
"""the origin of this gesture are highly speculative, but is quite possibly up to 2500 year old. it is identified a the digitus impudicus ('impudent finger') in ancient roman writing and reference is made to using the finger in the ancient greek comedy the cloud by aristophanes. it wa defined there a a gesture intended to insult another. it ha been noted that the gesture resembles an erect penis."""
"start with promoting personal peace. if we were all a peaceful person, there would be world peace. world peace can be gained by various ways, but true and absolute personal peace can only be found through jesus christ."
"what abt indian food? first of all, there are several kind of cuisine within india and secondly each one rocks.. and no, ""curry"" doe not sum it all up. it much more than that.. and no other cuisine would have a many dessert varities a indian.. 1 billion at the last count... !"
i am a white man who life next door to a black crack dealer. i do not turn him in because i believe in jesus and that i am supposed to love my neighbors.
"men don't like to express their thought or feeling toward other people. they tend to keep it inside . some men just go on with their life like it didnt effect them or some bottle it up for soo long until something ""huge"" happens and they explode, which cause them to express everything they have kept bottled up inside."
"it's supposed to be romantic. to me, the thought of getting sand everywhere... ugh.... . unless you mean the drink, which i guess it's because it make them think of all those ""good times""."
"the museum of sex on 27th and fifth, the metropolitan museum of art (the met), madame tussaud's, central park in the spring and the central park zoo (touristy or not, it a must-see), check out the shop in soho and the smaller gallery in chelsea. check out some of the neat hotel and have a cocktail in the lounges. there is plenty to see and do so just put on some comfortable shoe and walk around. you'll get to experience nyc best that way."
"in criminal law, a petition is what is filed by a district attorney to charge a juvenile with a crime. a complaint is filed in adult court to charge an adult with a crime.. . the document are similar; but petition are in juvenile court, and complaint are in adult court."
"this question could be answered in a very deep and meaningfull essay, covering their position in the social strata, attempt to attract women, conforming to the 'image' of a rapper. but, however it is worded, it all come down to the fact that they're all tools."
alan freed coined the term but it wa already going by then and usually termed a 'race records' by the white mainstream.. . the first rock and roll record ha been argued about since the 50 in the same way a first 60 psychedelic record or first 70 punk record. rocket 88 (1951) by the king of rhythm is a good a contender a any - sam phillips think so anyway.
"it is highly likely that the reason why may day is not celebrated in the u.s. and instead ""labor day"" is celebrated on another day besides may 1, is because the communist conquered saigon, the south vietnamese capital, completing the conquest of south vietnam on may 1, 1975, and about 64,000 american soldier died trying to keep south vietnam free. so may 1 is actually a day that will live in infamy for many americans, because it is the day that america lost it first military mission and the death of 64,000 american wa in vain due to defeat.. . by the way may 1 is celebrated instead a ""loyalty day"" in the us."
"look at the people around you...the thing that you see in others are thing that you see in yourself. quality that you like in another person are quality that either you have or would like to see in yourself. by the same token, the thing that irritate and bother you in others are reflection of characteristic in yourself that you don't like."
"i think most people have read both testament and understand them both.. i don't think the asking of controversial question on either of the bible is a ""challenge"" it is merely a way of trying to dampen down the pontificaters and religious fanatic that often spout a load of garbage.. it won't work of course, but i enjoy trying!"
"i don't have a problem with the movie or book, i have a problem people who assume the bible is full of lie but the plot of a fictional book is true.. . (edit) nothing personal ""answer"" i wa writing this before i saw your posting."
rats. (and child when they refused to pay him for solving the rat problem.)
"you know when u are doing these game when you can picture yourself a a character in a play/movie. playing game is like pretending, and pretending is like acting. so when u think u are just not being yourself, then you are trying to manipulate the other person with your acting. you are assuming the role of so that you can manipulate symbol and word to make a person do something, and this is acting in my opinion"
"'am i goin' left?. . p.s rock_angel_kay he didn't say ""come on"" that wa his dad who said that"
"ummmmmmmmmmm...... ramkabir. alexi, just to let you know- nameste is in hindi and kase ho mean how are you. no offence but i am gujrati,"
"do you mean like no murder, no abuse, no rape, etc? i guess the only disadvantage i could think of would be that job such a police officers, psychiatrists, and other people who make money in helping those who are subjected to violence wouldn't be needed a much, and some people would loose their jobs. it'd be a risk i'm willing to take though, if it meant a safer world."
"long ago in when primitive man roamed the earth we found that mushroom could be eaten. many people like mushrooms, and primitive man with tastbuds unspoiled by the convenience food of today probably thought they were great."
"i would give it to the owner. it wouldn't matter what is in the package, i wouldn't open it in the first place."
"can't you have a good summer without a boyfriend? why not be adventurous and do what you want to do with your time without having to weigh in someone else's want - enjoy the independence of making your own choice of place to go, people to see, and thing to do - coupling is way overrated - and especially the need to always be a part of a couple - and no i'm not some 500 pound butch woman - i'm a 42 year old happily married mom who weighs 125 pound - just hate to see young people always thinking that they have no life if it isn't including a girlfriend or a boyfriend. there's lot of life - go out there and live it!"
"it's the name of the wood used in making early printing wood blocks, aka catalpa.. . a the name of the california town, it come from the indian name for the area, asuksa-gna. nobody know what it means."
"to sift dry ingrediants. it ha the effect of separating the grain of whatever you are sifting (usually flour), removing any lump that might exist, making it more fluffy, giving it greater volume, and allowing a lighter consistency to the end product."
"gnocchi is italian, smaller and eaten with sauce. pierogies are polish ( i think) bigger, filled with cheese, and eaten with sour cream.... both taste great though !"
"that is a great thing, i love it!! but it will never happen. sorry to burst your bubble."
food which contains no meat (not even a trace) and no dairy (not even a trace). fresh fruit and vegetable would be the most obvious example. at least until you put a yogurt sauce on them or toss them into the stew pot with a roast. at that time they are no longer pareve.
a lot. this link below is from 1970 onwards.
u mean 8th class result?. visit ur exam board site. cheer
"physical levitation is pretty near impossible. i've never heard of a proven incidence. however, meditation and out-of-body experience are often described a the origin of the levitation stories. so you could ""levitate"" your mind out of your body through meditation and practice."
"a skinhead that is not affiliated with any local crews. i'm from los angeles though, most guy are in crew for the safety."
"you can dance by yourselves to faster type songs, a lot of hip/hop and pop music is good for that. or you can have slow song where you dance a couples."
"i don't know how to fix class except bribery for school. however, if you broke your glass you can either go to a shop like a jewelry repair shop and they can fix it for you or go to the store you bought them at and either they will fix them or tell you where to go to get them fixed. in either case it will cost about 10 to 15 dollars. or you can use super glue."
"too many people thought it tasted like regular pepsi to be considered a seperate product, and many others didn't like the taste. profit dropped considerably because of this. they tried to bring it back a ""crystal by pepsi"" but that failed quickly."
"i take extra virgin olive oil in a pan, heat it up and chop up a some onion, very fine, saute that until the onion get light brown, i like them crispy, i take the tofu and cut it up into cube throw that in the pan add some salt and pepper and lightly brown the tofu. when your done add it to rice and steamed broccoli. it taste very good."
for people that can still see but are still legally blind. they can still walk to the atm
devnagiri is a dialect/script which had been prevalent in ancient india. it wa a language spoken besides sanskrit during that time.. many of the language in the northern region of india are derived from devnagiri
"great. the summer in this city is great. beautiful scenery: lakes, hills, rapid in the center. they have an excellent amusement park."
cosmo. it strong and flavorful. you get your money worth and you can taste the alcohol.
"a someone else said, maybe they're just tired, or not used to flying, or hoping that they won't get forced to do it.. . not only that, it can be hard to get a tray until you get right up to the metal-detector and sometimes you may have to wait for one, so it can make it harder for people to have their thing ready in tray because of that. also, people are probably already lugging their carry-on, and may have a hard time holding their bag, shoes, laptop, purse, jacket, tray, etc. all at once without having to set it all down and then pick it all back up everytime the line moves, which also take time."
people do it because they want attention and they need to grow up. they remind me of little kid who look up dirty word or body part in the dictionary
"to show the human being, they are only a tiny creature in this earth. when famous scientist stephen hawking came to mumbai, india he made a comment about human being; it is possible for a man to divide a mosquito's each organ and define each of it organs, but not possible to combine them together and give it life back.. . my point is that, human being is silly creature just boast about their abilities."
well i'm still drinking my morning coffee and i know you'll never believe it but scheherazade is my birth name. my father is turkish is how i got it the only other one today that i've heard of our a couple of distant cousin in turkey who humourously enough were born after i wa and supposedly named after me they're parent thought it sounded good.
the situation in the u.k today is there is a severe shortage in dentist that are taking on patient & those that do still practice dentistry have charged such over inflated price that the majority of people cannot afford to visit.. there used to be many dentist that charged n.h.s price which were affordable to all but they were subsidised so poorly by the government that they stopped treating subsidised patient which left many people including young child with no dentist to treat them.
"~it's a draw:. martin luther, for freeing the west of the tyranny of the church and opening the door for enlightenment, education, science and the general progress of man.. . johan guttenberg for making it possible to know about luther (and everything and everybody else).. . mickey mouse, for giving me hope that mankind will leave some constructive contribution behind on this rock before turning it into a barren cinder."
la dia de los muertos. it start on halloween and run for three days. kind of like memorial day for us.
"i’m often not honest to most of the people, because if i was, i would hurt them and they would be angry at me. for example, it is easier to say ’i’m fine’ when someone in the street asks you ’how are you.’ or should i start to complain and cry my heart out every time i meet someone?. i am honest with my girlfriend. i tell her every little thing, and she often hate me for that and wish i would shut up instead… :)"
because authority mean power and people more powerful than you are naturally intimidating. plus you can't do anything about them because they think they're better than you and often they can punish you.
"it great, i dated a russian girl once and i just cant get enough of herring thing in russian spoken by a girl! lol i gota find me another girl from there, she went back after college."
haha that is by far the funniest question i have ever heard. it made me laugh out loud.
sheeeet ever been to west virginia or kentucky. you are in for a treat dollface. those people are so stupid and redneck you think the entire state is owned by k-mart.
i'd consider what type of food you are serving before making and name. anything within reason that ha to do with your theme.
"song of songs;you ravish my heart my sister my bride.god chose abraham and sarah to parent his chosen nation. it wa right for him then.but ... mabe somebody stole the word to make up their own religion, force people to worship it ,kill over it.,take the goddess out of it ,make slavery exeptable,made sex a sin,the bible is tweaked .it seems if god/ddess chose abe and sarah he had no problem with it .sounds like lot of these law and comandments,docrines in the new testament are but doctrine of men and what they wanted.seems their so called god's word ha pagan root"
"because they are wicked tasty!. obviously, you have good taste. thats why."
"paganism is a religion of freedom/ that is beleiving in more than one god/ knowing how to manipulate event in your future by spell work or meditation and being in touch with one inner powers< 6th sense {telapathy, power, being in touch with nature, and being able to levatate are some example of a true pagan witch}and if anyone on this site wa a real pagan they would have already posted this anwser we all have special gift we were born with by change in religion over time these gift were forgotten to be mentioned in all aspect of life including parents/religion and change in gods/goddesses name a time went by religion wa changed to prosper financially < money being the root of all evil> you need to go to a good book store and read real book all of this new age paganism is not right always remember the fold rule ""being whatever is put out always return 3 x a strong"" merry meet and blessed be! starlight"
"usually white lie concerning the appearance of aquaintances- how do i look - you look great! etc.. . with close friends, i'll give them an honest but tactful opinion."
i don't think all of them do. that sound like a schoolgirl fetish in asian porn or something.
"it's made very similarly to the way cheese is made. it's made from soybean (a very common crop). it ha virtually no flavor of it own so it's great for cooking with any sauce, vegetable, meat, or flavoring you like the taste of. it ha very little fat and what it ha is the good kind."
because the smell of liquor is nauseating. especially if it's the liquor you threw up one night at a party or something.
turn the stone = to use the opportunities. . not to leave a single stine untunrn...means not to leave a single opportunity or chance to complete the work
"""driving under the influence"" is what the letter duo stand for. it is legal ground for arrest and conviction for driving a motor vehicle while having a specific level of alcohol, drug or chemical in one's bloodstream that could alter one's judgement and reaction time in a sudden emergency situation."
"you can't get very close on the dam side. but we use to boat right up to the dam on the lake mead side.. it's real erie, the water is soooooooo deep that it look black..gives you the creeps!!!!!!!. . we were so close that you could see the people in their car crossing the bridge.."
"because shallowness is slowly engulfing our entire society.. artistic insight, literature, education, science, intelligent debate, philosophy, romance, music, everything is dissapearing under a clout of shallowness, pointless celebrity gossiping, sports-talk, and a gradual corporate/advertising take over of anything.. . nowadays, it's all about the few hundred executive in control of the world economy, trying to shove their shitty product through our throat at all times. true romance ha been replaced by stupid chain mails, poetry ha been replaced by ""wiccan spellz"", and going to the movie is no longer to see and experience a story, but to witness million of dollar wasted into stupid special effect nobody really care about."
dream are one form of reality. i think how we understand reality interferes with how we view our dreams.
when in rome act like the romans!. it mean to adapt to your surroundings...but use your best judgement.
"because the jewish concept of god is too difficult to grasp for pagans.. another reason is that people are often unsure why cruelty, pain, and injustice exists in the world that wa created by a just god. but if god suffers and feel what the human feel it is easier to relate one's woe and troubles.. . people find solace in their pet for instance, but not in pet-rocks because a rock can't feel empathy.same with god - an incomprehensible god is distant, cold and not easy to relate to."
"if you believe in the existence of the soul, it is usually hand in hand with the belief of a level of immortality. . . the answer to your question/the point might be revealed to u when we die....or maybe not :( nobody knows, ti all about faith"
"the mind is the collection of thoughts, beliefs, memories, connections, process and emotional structures. it is an energy/information pattern that is stored in a physical organ (the brain). similar to the way software (a data pattern) is stored in a computer a an electromagnetic (or optic) energy pattern."
"we are going for every bit of mystery that they can get. plus, it is an easy way to appear formal on a given budget.. additionally, black just look good."
maybe you need to turn off your pop-up blocker. good luck
"we don't.. most people aren't smart enough to realize it, but we don't actually know we even exist. we don't know that we really know anything."
"rape ha nothing to do with anything but power over someone else. molestation fall into the same catagory, and is usually on small children."
you just proved that at least one (you) isn't. try to stop looking at people for their race and remember that all people are individuals.
there is no cyclone threat nearing jus few shower expected for another 2 days. you can get more information not only about chennai or any other place through the following links.. . good day.
two! me and my baby! the reason is self evident.
knowlege is power. the more you think the more knowlege you obtain.
"genetic alteration is the easiest. it may not be ""all natural"" but you can cross plant to form a specie that yield not only healthier, larger and more copious amounts, but also crop that perform better a well! and if you don't think it is organic-think again! even nature doe it own genetic alteration over time-no chemical needed =o)"
"you surely don't have to be on crack to be curious. but, are you, to ask such a question??and no one is avoiding the question..they are probably having a hard time finding an answer to it..because they aren't on crack. and im sure someone will know, someone on crack may be...just wait and watch."
no one can honestly answer this question for you. no one know the meaning of life but i learned that you only have one chance in life and that you should make the most of it.
"barbie is the same in dutch. only the ""a"" is ""clearer""."
because it's the last days. the devil ha most people deceived.
interesting question. sadly human would probably still find something to hate on- lol
it pretty smart of them! to draw attention & stand out & sell!
try this webby. it also ha pic to also show you.
"he looked in the mirror of erised and saw himself getting the stone, but not using it to make gold or the elixir of life. dumbledore had placed a spell on the mirror so that only person who saw themselves finding the stone, but not using it, would retrieve it. it wa never really explained better than that in the book."
"here is a recipe below. i really love them,especially when put in a jar with oil i love to put them in ham sandwiches,mmmh!"
"the pope ha the final authority for interpreting scripture for the catholic church. this is considered infallible, due to the protection of the church through the holy spirit."
"because depending on which state you life in a woman may not be able to legally rape a man, regardless of age. in this way they can only be charged with sexual assault and not rape"
"if the what's in ""what-if,"" it's a why and a what.. but why is the where in ""wherefore"" a why?"
ill try.ok you were hungry for sex and had sex for the sake of it with someone you dont love and i take it you even had orgasm and got up and went. but you still want more. i think in the event you had sex with someone you really loved and yearned for and reached orgasm and can cuddle and fall asleep afterwards you will be indeed be satisfied. otherwise you may have a psychological problem.
just for the taste of it i guess.. . it's kind of like wearing a raincoat in the bathroom shower.
"there are only a few that connect. paris to bally's, luxor to mandalay bay. the shopping area in caesar's, bellagio, aladdin, and venetian are so big, you could spend all day in each. but...like #1 said..you'll have to go outside at some point to see them all."
"i would have to see your artwork before i could avenue you anywhere..... it would be unjust to you or anyone i could contact to simply take you at your word...... i know several place you could try...however i know you will not pick my q..and that is alright.....look at the link others provided for you, but i lay odds that it will take you a whole lot longer to do so..... i wa to do an album cover for a best platinum selling album in the 80's, but went into labour.....i am happy being a writer anyway. best to you!"
"lobster taste's exactly like a crab or prawn, actually a bit of a mixture, if u don't like either prawn or crab, i don't think you will like lobster.!"
"true christian live their life according to and for god. false christian claim to be christian but are only really ""christian"" on sunday when it come to going to church. every other day of the week they live in sin."
"i think it is because when he wa little, all he got at easter wa the black jellybeans and hollow chocolate flavored bunny with the ear bit off and his two sister got all of the good flavor and whole solid milk chocolate bunny a well a a cadbury egg each. well, that and the fact that all of his left sock have a hole in the pinky toe and now he ha a permanent blister because his foot rub against his shoe."
"never, never never give up! churchill.. i corinthian 13;8a, love never fails."
"well, some of u get child up & ready for school, make breakfast & get ready for work. that can keep you busy in the morning."
"it doe not mean anything. in the past day they used to crusify the person who ha done illegal activity, and thought that jesus too against them , so they crusified jesus using cross.we believe jesus is a god , so cross which wa used for crusify him became holy thing.. . now a day cross mean to say dedication, forgiveness and so......."
"namaste or namaskar (नमस्ते in hindi, from sanskrit namaḥ te) is a south asian greeting originating in india, which is used when both hello and goodbye would be used in english. the meaning is quite different, however."
"this is what i found . fly in the ointment small problem,.... troublesome detail the fly in the ointment is that a boy saw you kissing lola."
child and their innocence and their use of color.. i believe these were paul klees'deepest influences.. . thank you for asking.. lil
"personally, i love alaska cruises, they are my absolute favorite to take. it's a beautiful area, it's amazing.. . i also like hawaii, a cruise around the island is always great. especially if you prefer tropical weather!"
"there is actually a book called ""wine for dummies"" that will give you an easy to read starting point. hugh johnson is one of the better wine writer out there. also, subscribe to trade publication such a wine spectator, decanter, wine and spirits, and the wine advocate."
"it is making human non-human.. . i believe it will make u into two race - those who can pay for improvement (cosmetic surgery, eternal life, cure for disease such a cancer and virtual whatever-you-want) and those who can't afford to - who will have to live unprotected in a world of crime, poverty and pollution.. . one thing is for sure imo - life for many will get lonlier still."
"i've always wondered if that wa partially innate or developed because they relate more to women. the thing is, a straight woman doesn't sound like a gay man (ever notice that when a straigt guy is trying to sound like a girl they come out sounding like a gay guy?). i'd be interested to see if anyone actually ha a good response to this."
"no, they are not all going to hell and god is giving them a chance. act 17 : 30 and the time of this ignorance god winked at; but now commandeth all men every where to repent. god will not hold anyone responsible for thing they knew nothing about but only when you know and still do not do the right thing, then you will pay. so god ha and is giving them a chance a he know their heart and if they would have followed him if they had known about him."
saudi arabia history is a very long but i will try to explain some of the history in old day there wa no saudi put there wa najad and higaz these wa the place contain it saudi but after the world war 1 the ottoman empire collapse and britain and france took some place to rule and educated the people of these place and britain took the najad and higaz and call it saudi arabia and the rule of saudi arabia wa and still monarchy after world war 2 the united nation declare that palestine must divide to 2 side one is israel and other is palestine the people of palestine did not accept the solution and call for arabic help and that why is saudi arabia is trying to help the all . p my english is weak i am sorry but i hope my answer will help u
"cut them thin, and deep fry at a relatively high temperature (around 375f/190c). this will cook them faster and crispier. slower cooking allows them to absorb more oil and keep them softer."
low self-esteem is when you are not comfprtable with yourself or your ability or your body and are afraid what people think. being shy could mean that you're all for yourself but are just generally shy because you arn't confident talking to people. being afraid that people will think you are stupid would probably be not enough confidence - but dont worry what people think of you if you act confisdent about yourself i'm sure people will see this and not think you stupid.
"i totally agree with you! when the movie came out my mom saw people picketing outside the movie theater! i guess that some people need thing to gripe about, and that they are so brain washed that they think a work of fiction is going to bring down the ""chuch"""
"well god doesn't like soccer, he is a baseball fan everyone know that. i think his favorite team is the angels."
"oh my god, your gym teacher is so obviously gay! make sure you don't drop the soap or use the same towel, you might catch it too."
"they are technically called unisex.... lol. anyway transsexual would fit there sexuality. because they wa born with both part and more than likely they will go by there hormone to find out what sex they will more than like fit in. lean more on gender bender of a documentary film called ""you don't know d**k"" it wa made while back on transexual and sexual idenity."
"to dial an international number, the code listed below should be prefixed with +, and the first digit of the national number should be omitted. . china (prc) 86"
it's 42 not 48. besides no one really know what the meaning of life. most people idea for it come from their realigion.
you should have posted this one in food topic .. mediterranean middle eastern aperitif made from baked and mashed eggplant with tomato and grenadine paste and olive oil . tasty and healthy . try it at the nearest lebanese restaurant and you won't regret .
"hi!!...omg, ur the first vanessa isee here after me!!:p.well..lol no one can asnwer that but urslef....but to help u a lil...theres a book called the purpose driven life, it a really goood book that asks you question and make u reflect about ur life!! it relli good, i recomend it"
"coral bleaching is something i always hear about. it happens because of the increase in the temp of the ocean. there are lot of scientist monitoring it, but perhaps not enough is being done."
"blend all fruit along with vanilla ice cream and milk you are ready to go.i think mango an banana would taste good .. 1.for banana orange shake blend orange juice, fat-free yogurt and diced banana. . 2. for banana orange and mango shake blend diced and peeled mango and banana with orange juice, fat-free yogurt and splenda also add ground cardamom and maple syrup.. hm mm sound yummy i'm going to make one rite now"
because there is a really long line ahead of you. just have a seat and be patient. you'll be picked up soon enough.
in agreement to the first reply...x-men 3 is coming out soon. come on...da vinci code is fictional...a movie..all those pro-christian picketers should get a job. i am a christian too but loved the pace and story of dan brown!
"the only thing that science can prove, is that the scroll are of about the right date. no proof ha been provided a to the truth of what's written on them. but then, the same can be said for all the scroll in the bible too."
"yes christian consider the bible aholy book written with insparation from god, with some of his word in it. ""all scriptur is god-breathed"""
"unless you want a dried out piece of leather, you'd do better not to close the lid, a this cause the heat to be trapped and the juice to run out. better to do one side first and turn over after a few minute according to doneness of meat."
"you get to clean it up or you get to live with a dirty bathroom. if you choose the latter, pay up your health insurance and get ready for le friend to visit you at home."
"well, it's not bad luck, it's really a bad idea to put a purse on the floor. for one, someone can steal it and you won't even know. second, the bottom of your purse will contain million of bacteria (especially if you put it on the public bathroom floor). third, if you purse fall over, some stuff can fall out and then be eventually kick all over the place."
"in mexico and other spanish-speaking countries, child receive christmas gift not from santa, but from los reyes magos - the three wise men.. . tradition state that on the eve of the epiphany child collect hay, straw or grass and place it in box or container under their beds. this gesture is a gift of food for the kings' horse while they rest in between deliveries."
so we could have documented proof of the miracle today. i read an article where they found chariot wheel and other piece where it happened recently. there wa much more to the article but i cant remember it all.
if you're using 'queen' a euphemism for homosexual then you do have a point. the palace ha an unspoken tradition for employing large number of gay men which is thought to have begun year ago to ensure the daughter of royalty would not succumb to temptation.. . i worked at the palace for 2 year and gay men outnumbered straight by 8 to 2 easily.
i think it's 42. . . or maybe cheese.. . one of the two.
"many recipe call for this. you can make them immediately after mixing the batter, but you will find they color nicer and come out of the pan easier if you refrigerate it."
"in the old days, you were supposed to slop some of your drink into your host's mug, and his into yours- that way, if the drink were poisoned, the poison wa now in both mugs. when poisoning stopped being a major problem, the custom still remained, but now it's just a token tap, instead of sloshing your drink all over the floor trying to get it into your host's mug.. on the other hand, with roofy and date-rape, you still can't trust drink you leave unattended- don't accept anything from someone you don't know, esp. at a rave or in a bar!"
"i work in a bank, and it's funny when people talk slowly to me because they must think that being a latina, i must be stupid or not speak english or something. that's one example i can think of, but covert racism is everywhere."
"the longest sausage ist mein stucke und it taste great, liebchen. you must try it!"
"""he knows, doctor, he knows."" -- city on the edge of forever"
"for a christian to not beleive in hell, would completely shatter the whole concept of the religion. i do beleive in hell, a it is the opposite of the salvation that christianity can bring. in other words, you cannot beleive in the salvation of jesus christ, and ignore the consequenses that can pursue if you don't follow his teachings. a better question is what is a litteral thought of what hell is, being that the hell mentioned in the holy bible(fire and brimstone), is widely regarded a being more figurative or symbolic."
"the midwestern united state (or midwest) is a region of the north-central and northeastern united state of america, located entirely inland. the term's etymology is now somewhat archaic, a the region's state were once a part of the northwest territory and the region wa known a being a part of the ""middle west"" of the united state before the louisiana purchase."
"the meteorologist say the it (the weather) is going to be warm, they don't presume to dictate how one will react to that situation. not everyone will be warm, but the weather may be."
a you are asking this question in the ethnic cuisine section i suppose your question could be rephrased:. q: what is a recipe for doomsday?. a: bush's foreign policy.
cocoa come from a tree and come in a large pod with many seeds.. . coffee come from a bush and is the seed of the coffee cherry.
contact yahoo! or whichever system the wrong doing wa occurring.
go to ebay. you can look it up by the artist and find out the average cost.
"the meaning of life is simple: ""there is life before death!"". (courtesy of monty python “the meaning of life”)"
"aftershock is a liquor. it is very high in sugar and is cinnamon flavored it is in a frosted bottle and ha sugar crystal ""growing"" in it."
about 3- kinda go along with the right and wrong but i would say almost up to 5 to really be clear about it.. cause kid always can convince themselves they need it thanks to tv.
why is this posted under photography? it happened becauses of a large weather front called a hurricane.
an alpha male or alpha female is the individual in the community or group to whom the others follow and defer. no one who ever call themselves an alpha really is.
"generousity, a judged by others, is doing more than is expected without seeming to want or gain in return. of course, to judge yourself a being generous would be impossible a doing for you is selfish, not generous.. . if you are truly generous, it mean you act and are truly selfless. you consider and act to fulfil others' feeling and need before considering your own."
"the aristocracy felt they had a duty to allow visitor (noblesse oblige), but these visit were nearly always undertaken when the owner were at their other residence or abroad. the visitor were normally people of the upper middle class, and they would have made an appointment to view the inside of the residence, always accompanied by a member of the staff. elizabeth went, very reluctantly, with her aunt and uncle."
reflective teaching is a type of lesson plan. in the lesson the learner/s explore a concept in their own way. at the end of the lesson there is a summary of what wa learned either by the learner/s or the teacher. it is an exploratory type setting.
slavery ha been around way before the america were found. egyptian built their pyramid from slave labor. ignorance is bliss and you are the most blissful person i've seen in a while.
"start with some baggy loose fit pant , a bigger than your usual size tee shirt , get a fitted hat, some all black or all white shoe by nike, rebock, or adidas . then put the clothes on remember to sag those pant so the actual waist of the pant are around your butt , make sure the bottom of the pant fit over the top of your shoes, your going to need a belt to keep those pant in place, get a large chain neckles ( cheap one) last but not least always try on the clothes your looking for before just buying them and going home and finding out the hard way they don't look right>>>>>after that you should be ballin dog!"
get a job. if you already have a job then get a second job. it's that easy.
that's interesting. i didn't know you could trace them.
i boil boneless skinless chicken breast for about 30 minute then i check it. if the juice are clear it done if not then i usually do it longer about 20 mintues longer.
"to make our language more interesting. other language have them too. in spanish they are called ""dichos"" i believe."
"""whatever death is, it is the opposite of life"". . tyler cassity. hollywood forever cemetery"
for obenführerin if you are so united way are you working today so you can have another one off?so you don't get to protest just pretend and play another?. hopefully employer will realize cheap labor and illegal worker aren't worth the hassle.
"because it is so damn easy to get hold of a gun. in the uk, the only people who own gun are rich country gentleman who hunt birds."
"the mystery of iniquity is ...what appears to be someone who appears to be blessed by god but in turn is not living a truly christian life... since we live in an age were people think if you get a house or car or ""stuff"" like a a blessing...they think god must be truly blessing you...but...when you are not living a surrendered life it is really the devil deceiving that one into thinking it wa god so..... . it is simply...the enemy working in the church allowing one to prosper in order to keep them bound ..by their immoral lifestyles...god bless"
"buy a building that ha cooking facilities, buy supplies, get your license, & open up for business! hire people, if you need to."
"'there are place where english completely disappears : . why, in america, they haven't spoken it for year !'. - prof henry higgins, in 'my fair lady' [bernard shaw and alan jay lerner]"
first of all i don't eat meat but i still need my teeth to eat pretty much everything i eat. there is other way to get protein without eating meat it called soy protein. you don't need to eat meat to be healthy. oh and meat stay in your colon until it rot and liquefies which i find very disgusting
i don't know how you remove it but my mom always wore latex glove when she cut those up. . . maybe try that hand cleaner stuff mechanic use.
because stupid ppls on here probly think it just like yahoo chat when you ask something in the community section they think it by area code but sorry to tell you it not... lol now the whole world get to see your sex life problem and if it were up to me... i'd make fun of every one that doe it see me i dont care i post mine up every where!!! lol... thanx for ta point level six here i come
"really high pitched, like someone stepped on a mouse say my friend. lol"
"we have four limbs, being two hand and two legs. that's just how we evolved."
i think anytime you can squeeze in walking is good. even if it just a little at a time.
"i think it psychological, i doubt it ha anything to do with taste. both alcohol and cigarette are associated with socialising."
bibleprop... is the nearest to a correct answer i see. this is the thousand year reign referenced in the book of revelation and refers to the time christ will reign after the second coming. don't confuse this with christ returning in the cloud to call his church home.....
"i don't think bush is really a christian, i think he is blinded to truth. he is greedy, and selfish, and care not for the people of america. i do think he is being used by god though, to bring about the downfall and destruction of america and usher in the new world order and ultimately the antichrist."
i am an atheist and i married another atheist in a catholic church. she had been baptized catholic when she wa a child. we simply lied to the priest and had our wedding.. . the only reason they have such rule is to help their religion get bigger and make more money.
airbake baking sheet are the best. they prevent burning and they last a very long time. i highly recommend them...... good luck!!!!!
"why, are you bored with the plastic one? lol"
"the sant mat (there is no adequate translation of the expression sant mat, literally the 'point of view' of the sants) wa a loosely associated group of teacher (sanskrit: guru) that assumed prominence in the northern part of the indian sub-continent from about the 13th century. their teaching are distinguished theologically by inward loving devotion to a divine principle, and socially by an egalitarianism opposed to the qualitative distinction of the hindu caste hierarchy and to the religious difference between hindu and muslim"
"good question. when you find out,tell me will ya?"
"just hang out more an do thing together, rent a movie at home share the sofa n slowly snuggle up, you will know if he is receptive or not, if he's not just tell him you are having feeling of attraction towards him and doe he feel the same way, if not, it's better to know and you will be fine, the world will not end. good luck."
"the number 13 became ""bad luck"" because of at the ""last supper"" there wa 13 people if you include jesus. and it ha several other significant meaning all of which i forgot."
people don't like to be questioned about how much they spend on something. flower have an anonymous price. check for any other item have a dollar value that expose their gift value.
get off yahoo and go do something worthwhile. just a thought.
so. good for you. you only need to worry when you stop getting erection in your sleep.
"butt plug are sometimes used by couple in their sex play. sometimes the girl enjoys the feeling of being filled while she is having sex. more often, the girl will use it on her male partner a a prelude to using her strap-on dildo on him. sometimes guy will use it on themselves to experience what it feel like to be penetrated."
"it all depends on the initial state of the glass. if it wa empty then some liquid wa poured into it, the glass would be half full. if you had a full glass and removed some of the liquid it would now be half empty."
"yeah hommie i made up that dance. you do the lean wit it, rock wit it."
"soy sauce! you can buy brown rice in the store, that is brown naturally. also brown rice is better for you!"
"trait do transfer from generation to generation but with varying amount and qualities. environment, culture and living condition are key element in building or devastating one's personality. a person having good facilities, given quality education, received proper grooming and bringing up from parent would certainly be different from the one deprived from all these environmental factors."
"there wa a rumor going around a few year ago that book seven would be called 'harry potter and the fortress of shadows', but rowling publicly stated that this rumor is false. a more recent rumor is that it will be called 'harry potter and the pyramid of furmat'. i have no idea how accurate this rumor is, but considering how far off the book six rumor were ( i mean 'harry potter and green flame torch'? give me a break), i would seriously doubt any rumor."
presbyterian believe that whether you're going to heaven or hell is already decided. methodist change their mind about thing every couple of years.
"crucificion wa used a a form of public humiliation - a bit like the stocks.. but those who were crucified, were usually tied by their wrist with rope and naked - not nailed to the cross - and they were let down after a ""reasonable"" period of time."
you've grown up in a world of immediacy.. . amusing ourselves to death: public discourse in the age of show business by neil postman. . ...and to think that the original edition of this book wa written before the popularization of the internet.
"little bit better than the regular one ,also it look nicer on the plate,. eat a lot of it and it make you pee"
i do that sometimes. i just imagine whatever i want to dream about and about 70% of the time i dream it.
"make sure you don't drench your self in it. then it get on paper, items, clothes etc."
"first figure out what's wrong with it. . seriously, folks, this is a trick question. you don't cure bacon, you cure pork to make bacon"
maybe cause you look better now and have more self confidence. people are jealous or so.
"they are close minded, full of pride, rude to most other people, they think they are the only one fighting for their country and dont even give credit to other country for their effort and losses. they are so far behind that they think they are ahead"
"in my own words.... . unlike the other social sciences, the sociologial perspective is holistic and comparative. it help develop the quality of mind which help people to see what's going on in the world and what may be happening within themselves to grasp the interplay between men and society a a whole."
the father of my nation..india.. . a man who fought a battle( indian independence) with a stick in his hand and a determination in his heart.
"although i don't know latin, i'm italian (close language) and it seems to me that ""entia non realia"" mean ""all thing that don't exist in reality"", while ""entia non rationis"" mean ""all thing that cannot be explained rationally"".. but it's just a guess, i may be wrong."
"hey, music girl. i asked this question and you answered the same thing to this question."
"i use different version for a variety of reasons. i like the flow and romance of the kjv, but sometimes need the revised standard to explain it in plainer english lol. i use the reference bible when i need to follow the timelines."
get real cold water and place them in it for a few seconds. then easily swish them a round to wash them..them place them on paper towel and gently pat dry..unless you have a machine that spin the salad. that's about it
"you can buy mein kampf (my struggle) via the internet and it is not illegal to purchase it in most western countries. if you do not want to purchase it (i didn't out of principle) they are load and load of extract from the book all over the net translated into many languages. and the guy who said hitler is his idol, you need to go back back to the asylum my friend!"
"kfc is like mcdonalds.. working smartly.. that should be easy to do a there is, in reality, no model to follow. working smartly, then, is to be clean, courteous to the customers, work efficiently and do not partake in the food itself a long a you are on the job, that is."
"there's just no logical reason for some styles. can you say bellbottoms? platform shoes? in fact, you can put pretty much any disco-era ""style"" in the illogical category."
"because indian use thier heart instead of brains. use brain only when required. indian kid r always taught to b kind, heart and humble. they grows up with these .... ultimately... sentimental"
"i'm afraid i have to agree, however i wouldn't say most. nursing is stressful. if they work around a doctor, are most likely abused by the egotistical behavior many doctor have (god). many nurse are truly angel of god."
"read john 3:16 and pray the sinners' prayer to accept jesus into your life, attend church and cell group regularly. get a senior in church to mentor you and go through foundational studies.."
"a sense of one's personal or collective identity, especially the complex of attitudes, beliefs, and sensitivity held by or considered characteristic of an individual or a group. in other words, you aren't knocked out."
a contour line is a continuous line while drawing the outline of an object. you start the line and do not stop until the image is finished without a break in the line.
you clean them with rubbing alcohol and pluck them or wax them. that way you avoid any infections.
"first of all, it's someone who let you know that you're the center of attention when you're with them. but after that, a sense of humor is essential. on the serious end of things, someone who is honest, responsible and security minded, yet with a willingness to try new things.. . then again, you can't beat a guy with a cute butt..."
"dating mean ""getting to know one another"" for a specific purpose ... usually for marriage. it is during dating that you find out the character of people, so, the longer you date, the more you find out if you still want to make a life-time commitment."
take some st john's wort. natural medication that is great for anxiety. that's what i use and it seems to work.
"i guess we have a big paper due in the morning, do we???"
i am not racist i am biased i love my race more and i will only date someone from my race not because i am disgusted with anyone from another race but because i can relate with a person from my race better!! then it go deeper then that i will not date someone who doe not have a car i will date someone who doe not have a job or someone who play sport in school someone who want to be a dancer rapper singer etc i am biased meaning i only prefer to date people that i can relate to!!!
"ethic (from greek ἦθος meaning ""custom"") is the branch of axiology, one of the four major branch of philosophy, which attempt to understand the nature of morality; to distinguish that which is right from that which is wrong. the western tradition of ethic is sometimes called moral philosophy."
"i'm not sure, but they should be bigger!!! maybe it ha the larger rim for salting purposes...."
"i would say any job that your good at and even better if it ha benifits (vacation pay, sick pay, 401k) and you see youself doing it longterm it a career. good pay is also important."
i'll be honest with you. nobody knows! have a nice day
it is rather involved. they deal with different school of thought on islamic law and are related to different geographic areas. the article below offer a good explanantion.
"brush or dip the violet in egg white and then sprinkle on or dip into sugar. allow to dry. if you're going to eat the sugared flowers, you may want to use dried egg white mixed with water. you can get it at most supermarket now in the baking section and just follow the instruction on the package a to how much water to put into the powder."
"who know why, it's just one of the many many stupid prejudice that people have. i know it wa considered a huge deal when kennedy wa elected president and he wa catholic. back then (and maybe still now) the wasp (white, anglo-saxon protestants) ruled."
"not all are, but britain ha large resource of clay stone, which make red bricks.. . i'm from a town called bath where lime-stone brick are used they are a sandy color"
there no secret. if the person like your answer they may give it to you. sometimes even a crappy answer get 10 points. just depends on the asker of the question.
"a big fancy cake is not eaten a much. pizza is more of a regular thing, making cake special."
write your own transcript and submit it to the publisher for review..be patient...it might be awhile before you hear back but you eventually will.. . good luck
are you thinking about jennifer connelly ? :-)). . ps: can i have best answer please ?
migrating to australia or new zealand is a complicated process. generally you will need to have skill that are required in australia / nz. if you would like an individual assessment you can email me on jessica.stooke@visalogic.net - i have helped many people move to australia and nz and am happy to provide you with some brief advice specific to your situation.
i dont think anyone is a bad person if they smoke! some people just need a reason to be a**holes!!!
"it because nyc is the biggest city in america. it's the hub for fashion, music & culututal diversity. don't get me wrong la ha the same things. but nyc wa great first."
"la brea is situated in south trinidad,and is the home of our famous pitch lake which wa discovered by sir walter raliegh in his search for el dorado(city of gold) instead he found the pitch lake (black gold)- a thick black tar that is used for paving road etc. ton of it is removed for export a well a for domestic use and is soon filled up. it is amazing and something to see."
"word of mouth work well for me. also try some local promoting too, to get started."
pour boiling water over the tank. a clear distinction will appear where the gas is.
a juicy fruit. only it's not yellow. it's red.
"""ansa"" you? ask a real question and maybe someone will!"
"it depends on the lady in question, remember all woman are different and what work for some is a recipe for disaster on others.. a a general rule simply listen, the art of listening to someone is a skill that everyone should have. if you want to find out more about her, listen to clues... - ask her what food she likes, then say you were once in a restaurant near (say london or something) and they serve great food there, then following this ask her out. dont be immediately straight to the point. listen and learn from what she say and use that to your advantage, if she say she like italian and you take her for a chinese then it is a clear sign you havent listened to her."
chopstick predate fork and spoons. developed about 5000 year ago. it's believe that they evolved from an utensil or even a twig use to stab a roast or other food roasted over a fire.
"because they have stopped having faith in the word of allah, or the most recent prophet. one who see that their religion is choosing to do something that they don't agree on.. then they become like an island, with no god, no truth to follow, and all other religion seems just a corrupt to them. a they all have proved to be in the past. if they then do not find the teaching to find god within themselves, then they are left floating on a very turbulant ocean of life."
yes student and teacher/staff relationship should only be friendly and not more than that.. . also most school have a rule against that and the teacher could get fired and the student can be expelled.
"i think you are wrong, when i am in trouble i look for the best solution , not any solution. i don't believe that islam is answer to anything accept a corrupt, sexist and racist system/religion. i could never go for help to a belief like that."
"because in the bible it is seen a shameful for woman to approach god with their head uncovered. thus, when they wear a head covering also known a a prayer shall it signifies respect to god."
i had taken diana's golden bough from where aeneas had planted it. now i am new returned from hades and come to challenge for thy kingdom and crown of wood king.
and why did you put it in bavaria germany???
your question is not clear. what do you mean?
you need a printer that will make press on designs. then you must have the heat press machine to do the actual prints.
"because there is no end to it. it is like a fire that consumes all and begs for more. it's life's blood is the sweat of our brow and the callus of our hands, ever slaving away to feed it the stuff of our very lives.. . on the other hand, materialism the philosophy is well respected and hold many answer to tough questions."
"because they have slightly different belief and each think they are right and the other wrong. i think thing like this happen often where there is only a slight alteration in the beliefs, you get people disliking it."
"if anyone tell you, they are foolish. you need to read the book yourself, or do research on it via the world wide web"
"i know alot of times...unfortunatley, that is where they put the changing table, so you can change your baby diaper and have a little room to move around in. not always, is it being taken by someone who doesn't need it.. . hope this helps.... . :-)"
you have too much time to waste on the computer. go outside and talk to people.
"just tell them that you know they do not necessarily support what you believe, but you are very happy about what you have been called to do, then tell them what it is you have been called to do, and tell them, i know you may not agree with it, but i would really like your support, your love, or your encouragement. my dad is a non-believer, and i told him this when i told him about a certain decision and he handled it very well and told me that even though he doesn't agree with what i believe, he will support me and love me."
"it wa the ultimate evil. it wa all around them, even when it wasn't. it wa always there, but the brain part wasn't.. . there wa a bad ending because good always ha to triumph over evil."
"i don't necessarily believe that people are mean. what i do believe is that people are scared and when you are scared you will do anything to protect yourself and the one you love. we live in a fear based society. fear is a very powerful emotion and i believe it manifest into what some may call ""meanness""."
happy hour simply mean an hour or a time of a certain happiness in ur life. a time of celebration and joy.
because his father is. he's actually amerasian. his mom's a filipina. he wa born in the philippines.
"normally there is a direct train but there are work at th moment. you get the train to either sants station or clot arago which are in barcelona. from either of the two place catch train to either: calella, mascanet or blanes, the journey will take about an hour and all go directly to calella."
"it means, i'm surprised, i wouldn't have thought it wa that. it make me feel like a child learning to climb the stair again.x"
"because according to psychology, they are sympathetic responses. it funny that in a test, people who didn't yawn after seeing others yawn were found to be anti-social."
"use 3 egg yolks, 2 tb of vinegar, 1/4 tsp cayenne and 1/2 tsp salt with 1/2 cup butter. good for egg benedict also great for a dip for boiled artichoke leaves."
because even if someone woman do not admit it they always want to know what he ha down there i do it all the time and it is funny because we have the nerve to say something about men who stare at our breats when they talk to us. it is just natural to do that if you are attracted to the man
"the past is that.....past.... you need to let go of your guilt...there is no answer we can give you, that you haven't already explored yourself..... you don't need an answer.....you need forgiveness,....and only you can give that to yourself.. judge not.... that even includes ourselves.... you did what you did...no bfd....and you will find no comfort in the fact that others have done worse...hold tight to all the good memory during that time..and let go of the rest.. move on girlfriend!!! the future is bright..!!! just turn the light on!!"
"it strange this question appeared under ""etiquette"". i wonder how you'll ask any woman that question without breaking the rule of etiquette"
"doe it? i think there's a law that requires every food item to have a best before date, but in the case of water this is indeed a bit ridiculous."
i've been to patzcuaro right next door - both winter and summer and prefer late summer and fall. spring is still dry and hot ... and it can freeze in the winter. you'll still get some rain in september but it should feel just right. it's never that bad any time
"islam isn't a religion of peace. that is pr that people are using to try to make it look better. throughout history islam ha been about killing, war, and taking over the world.. . cheer :)"
"after the chicken are scalded with hot water to loosen the feathers, the plucking machine take off the feathers. it is basically a tumbler with rubber fingers. a the chicken continue down the belt the inspector will remove any feather left behind. if you have a chicken packing plant near by, i'm sure they would give you a tour."
"if you get violently ill, you ate a poison mushroom.. . that's one way to find out.. . but i agree with the other poster -- don't even try it. it's not worth it."
"if i die, you can have my skull to make a cup out of. i think that would be romantic. you can eat me too if you like, but if i get really old i might be stringy."
"it is a method of finding data that fit certain criteria. for example, you could query a database of insurance detail for policy ending within the next 30 day (weird example, but it one i wrote earlier so it is in my head ;))"
"i'm assuming you are very young, that's ok.. turning trick mean you would have to sell your body to make money. (and if your dad wa serious, then i wouldn't even be considering living with him!)"
"bali, definitely. even though many don't speak english well, the food's great and it's cheaper. just avoid crowded area like pub or club at night, to be sure."
"two different things.. the ""oneness"" doctrine teach ""jesus only,"" which is contradictory to the bible.. ""one lord, one faith, one baptism,"" is the bible teaching instruction on jesus being the only way to god. read scripture before and after that verse to get full understanding."
"it a promise some nun make of never speaking again.. for example, nun and priest have to make a ""vote of chasity"" which means, they make a promise of never having sex.. ive heard that there are certain congregation where they also make a ""vote of silence"" which means, they commit to live the rest of their life in silence.. it like a sacrifice.. . it may also have other connotation but thats way they used it the first time i heard the expression."
"you have to accept that you will die, get over it because it is not going to change. it make no sense spending all your energy worrying about how temporary life is and then find yourself at the end of it, having nothing to show for the time you were alive."
"the assassination of archduke ferdinand in sarajevo in 1914 led austria/hungary to declare war on serbia.. because of various treaty of military support, russia joined in on the side of serbia, germany joined in on the side of austria, then france joined in to support russia, turkey joined in to support germany, then the british empire joined in to support france and so it went on.. the various mobilisation of the army were carried out by railway in europe.. this had been carefully worked out before the war and once it wa started there wa no way of stopping it.. before 1914 all the major power in europe had been involved in an arm race, especially great britain and germany with their navy so war seemed inevitable.. it merely needed a serious incident to set it off."
"because god forbid they should cut the sport budget....sigh...if it were up to me, the art and humanity would have the first stab at the budget while sport would take a back seat. but, since i know politics, since men run the country and since sport are ""manly"" and art is not (ahem) therein lie your answer."
"i like using tea leaf because there is a theroy that every one subconsoiusly know what there future is and with tea leaf your mind us matrixing and basicaly it is the same a taking an you ink blot test, you see something but you dont allways know what it mean untill you look it up.. i also like to think of a specific question that i want answered or what i want to look into and randomly pick up a book , a page, and a parragraph. i like using poem books, or my favorite physic book (dont ask). i also like using a bead on a string and ask it question to divine."
a christian is a person who follows in the footstep of christ. do you think you are walking the way of christ? if so then you're a christian.
a prude is a person who life by a very strict code of ethic to the point of being intolerable to those around them and they tend to pas judgement on others who don't live up to their puritanical standards. the truth of the matter is that most of them are hypocrite and when the door is closed they have all sort of dirty little secret and aberations and the prudish behavior is just a facade.
"because you have an inaccurate view of yourself. you are made in the image of god, and for that reason you are one of the most precious thing on this earth"
"it's a mixture of both heredity & environment. mostly environment, i think. psychologist have done study on identical twin separated at birth who re-unite after adulthood & discover several similarity (proof of heredity) but even more difference (proof of different environment they lived in)."
"murdered is a subset of killed.. . basically, if i wa to shoot someone intentionally, then i murdered him and also killed him.. . however, if i accidently run over a pedestrian, then i killed him, but i did not murder him."
"never ever litter, please! also, encourage others to do the same."
"a reference in a literary work to a person, place, or thing in history or another work of literature. allusion are often indirect or brief reference to well-known character or events."
you need to be more specific. what action are you talking about?
pinto bean cooked a directed on package but cook for hour until cooked down and thick. i add garlic and a bay leaf while cooking. when finished you can mash them up.
it mean that there must be a balance between good and evil. according to follower of this belief (i used to be one) we must maintain a balance in our life in all things. that is what the yin-yang symbol represents.
the age and class of the person who is referring to them.. . s.s.
"because both nation possessed enough atomic weapon to destroy each other several time over, the u and ussr adopted a policy of mutually assured destruction or the aptly named mad. if one nation pre-emptively launched a nuclear strike, the other would respond in kind, assuring the destruction of both. this nuclear arm buildup became a weird way of securing an uneasy peace between the two countries, hence the term cold war."
"because no one make you do or say anything but yourself. you are ultimately to blame, or to reap the rewards, of what you do and say."
it depends on the country you stay. the best is to call the embassy of singapore or it consulate and check with them on the document required for processing a visa.
"herr stand for sir.. mann = man.. there's also ""herman"" which is a first name."
because i knew you were going to ask this question..i just sat back and waited for you to ask it so i could answer it in this exact way... and i bet you had the feeling i wa going to answer it this way too. so i know for a fact that your medium underware is very lose an you only wear the medium..because you like it to say that... so we both have the power... let the force be with you...
"it's beige in color with a flaky texture. it ha a light, sweet, nutty taste. it's pretty good!"
"it is the muscular stomach of the chicken and part of the digestive system. in the gizzard, the food is ground and mixed with the gastric juice. the muscular development of the gizzard is influenced primarily by diet and le by the presence of grit which help the grinding process and increase the digestibility of certain feeds. round grit which will not fragment is most desirable."
"heat them in the microwave oven, whole or cut.. . slice and fry them, blending in your choice of veggies. . (yummy, ketchup)"
bali is amazing. i would denfentility go there. phuket is so overrated
"it's an onomatopeic expression used humorously to denote someone grumbling and ranting, and quite often to replace a bout of swearing with something more socially acceptable. it's quite old-fashioned, not really used anymore..."
"well during ww ii they were the half-way point between hawaii and japan. if japan controlled midway they could attack hawaii and make it back safely, if we control midway then we could attack japan and make it back safely."
"a relative of the sunflower, this vegetable is native to america, not jerusalem, and ha no botanical relation to artichokes. the white flesh is nutty, sweet and crunchy like chestnut when raw. baked in their skins, they become more like potato with a mild taste of artichoke hearts."
a few times. nothing that ha gone to general release yet. i mostly work on set in film.
it mean that these three question are important to you because they sound some thing different to you and you are not searching answer for it because you know the answer . it also mean that you have stock of some more question which you will send after ward . it also mean that you are not satisfied in your life ; and you want to do some thing great .
"if you mean, how do i apply for a frequent flyer membership with an airline. the easiest way is to phone them. they will take the info and immediately give you the number.. . on line .....every airline is different."
"the absolute best way is to buy a rice cooker. if you have that much rice, a rice cooker may come in handy. equal part rice to equal part water, in a rice cooker there are marking for where the water level should be given how many cup of rice you put in the cooker."
"lol....paintings of the rennasance era, about 500 to 1000 year after the nt wa compiled,not based on any historical reference or witness but rather on artist inclination. but the question is a good one. at best, if the jesus character were historically real, and there is more than adequate reason to question that historicity, then he would have been shemite..that is, majority, at that time jewish people were dark skinned, dark haired....the only israelite that would have been of white or fair complexion, blond hair would have been convert to judaism."
"the southern food is the best. i grew up with all that great food. yes i am a big fan of grits, brb-b-que, southern fried chicken...whoever said that about southern food probably ha never tasted it."
"i know more about myself than anyone else does. i know that i have a good heart, am a good mother, an animal lover, and i know that i only wish good for everyone in this world....i also know that i am a good friend!"
yeah when they taste gross...... wait that's all the time... . beat me.
because of the emancipation/liberation of the woman. . they still feel like being dominated and now these woman stand up for their rights.
"bake at time and temperature a recommended for cupcakes. after they have cooled, frost with your favorite canned or home-prepared frosting recipe.. . decorate with sprinkle or other decoration of your choice."
"but when doe the cost of medical advance outweigh the human suffering.. . you might a well say that the tuskegee study wa particularly effective in the understanding of syphilis amongst black people, and since only negro died, it wasn't a real loss, anyway.. . if you have no problem with that, where is your soul?"
888 is christ . 666 is anti christ. 777 a high powered jet / winning slot machine combo
"thie thing is that they can think for themselves, but even more so, when you pull back the layer of the world you see the system that exist underneath everything we see, and there is just no room in this scientific world for a supernatural being of such magnitude.. . if science found a place where god is then i'd bet they'd be believing in seconds, but science ha only served to prove that there isn't. science ha advanced our civilisation, but hindered faith... wa it really worth it?"
repeat your question in english please? have no idea what you are talking about.
"often time i hear of spider representing fear or death, but i really don't see them that way. spider are quick, may be considered assassin or killers, they're stealthy and resourceful. i hope this help some?"
"your question is strange, i would think it easier to kill a tree than a person, tree don't have eye so they cant see you coming, and it (the tree) cant runaway so you can take your time. human are a pain to kill, lot of trouble, tricky little devil human are!!"
1. fooling in a circle. 2. fooling a circle
"usually, it's customary to give money (cash). maybe you can get her something else with the money for her bat mitzvah."
"that's karma. according to the buddhist teaching, the wheel of life will determine who or what you be in your next life. so if you are good this life, next life you will be better. and if you are born good this life but did bad things, you will be born bad next life."
.....because lot of people have really miserable little life and just don't enjoy anything.. . i am never miserable and smile every day. it really get up people nose and that make it even more enjoyable!
i believe art is anything created from a creative mind. art come in all form not just from a painting or a drawing.art is what you find beautiful and everyone ha different taste.as far a picasso and any five year old i believe in my mind they are the same because they both were expressing them self creatively.
"you best give 25% of your 10% to your mommy and daddy and have them proof-read any contract you try to draft or have them explain the big word to you in any contract presented to you. if you manage a well a you write, you won't have to worry much. by the way, what is the nexus (ask mommy) between martial art and drawing? doe he kick and flail with style when he break his crayons?"
"well, a demon would rend you limb from limb, then devour you, sending your soul into everlasting damnation and pain. . . a harmless entity would just smile drool on your pentacle."
those mark are made by burnt insence stick and are a physical show of devotion to the practice. not all monk have them it's just a personal choice but it used to be a way of showing rank i believe.. . those little red dot are to show a married woman.
it doe go right between the eyebrow and you hook so it where it hang how you want it. you can also clip a bobby pin on so it stay better.
"really simple! because the medium is a tool utilized a any other tool to serve the purpose of political power ! it ha never been about the truth, he who want the truth must seek it the hard way not be fed by propaganda machine"
"it's an island in the pacific ocean, and also the name of a bottled water.. . edit-oops. the island is spelled 'fiji'."
it should be taken a an interpretation of the facts/non-facts of history and left a that. people just get in such an uproar over thing that are related to religion. i don't think many of the other religion of the world would really care about that movie.
"except some major city like beijing shanghai. a high school student usually get up at 5:00 for reading english then go to school at 7:30 take 5 lesson untill 12. then have lunch and have a break.then have class from 2 to 6. then have super..then have evening class untill 8-9, go home. do home work till around 11,it depends how much homework. this is the schedule,i am suffered from it for 3 year ,b'coz we have to compete for collage entrance examinations,especially for the senior....omg that's hell"
"if you plan to spend that amount of money.. it can be done... but i would recommend to travel very lightly.. with no expensive item that would be extremely bothersome if they were stolen..... then you could stay at hostels.. cheap low budget hotels.. and eat away from the champ elsees... eating kabob sandwich and chinese food etc... i am here now for work, and will be here for another year.. but yes it can be done."
the catholic church doe not recognize the priesthood of the episcopal church a valid. the aglican church changed it too much after they split with rome. catholic belive in the real presense of jesus in the eucharist while episcopalian think it more symbolic.
"you can't always tell by looking at someone ... not like people walk around with sign on them... i think you can tell more by the way they would look at you ... perhaps by meeting your eye a little longer than other people would, and smiling in a flirtatious way.... though sometimes hair style, clothing etc can give you a hint, it not always correct..."
"well, here just one thought. car company sell car all over the world, and in many countries, speed limit are more of a guidline. there are place all over europe where you can drive pretty much a fast a you want.. how would they stay competitive in the industry if they only sold to americans? we are not the only consumers."
try national express if you book well in advance they have very low price from a £1.... i did to some destination in uk and very nice.... bus depart from a depot just 5m walking from victoria station.
the sun doesn't come up. the earth just rotates on it axis. star are your perception of light wave that emanated at the origin and having traveled for many light year have reached your eye.....philosophically speaking.
if you cover you lechon when cooking it on the last 10-15 minute of coking time raise the temp. to 450 or higher uncover the lechon and cook it that high in medium rack of the oven basted it with what ever you are basting it with whet er is mojito or just plain butter cover the oven but be on the look out cause if you are not care full enough you will burn it just look at it from time to time and if the time is up and is still not crunchy enough give it some more minute it depends on your oven i know cause that the way i do my lechon and coming from a puerto rican family you do alot of lechones in my life.
"the view of someone ferverent in a religion would see any opposing world view also a a religion. . so if i am a christian fundamentalist thats my religion, so islam is a different religion hindu different and evolution a difference"
"people need to know and understand the development of a child and the stage that child go through. too many people have no patience for child because they dont understand them. i think if more people understood child development there would be le of a chance of ""accidental"" abuse. even though i dont believe that it is possible to be an accident i do believe that when a person's temper run short they dont pay attention to how it affect the people around them, especially kids."
"set it on fire, if it burns, guess it wa real. give it a try!"
anxiety disorder are a dominant and real medical concern. wellbutrin is a good drug for controlling anxiety and panic attacks. the first thing you need to do is seek help through your primary care provider or local mental health center. i wish you the best a this is an extremely hard condition to control and live with.
"september can be hot ... and humid. the trade wind give way to konas, which bring in the vog and humidity. . vog is volcanic ash from kilauea on the big island."
sound like you are trying to get u to do your homework.nice try!!!!!!!!!! ask ur teacher or look it up.
"hey,since when the husband of prophet muhammad's daughter want marry another wife!what i just know,muhammad tell to ali and her friend!""she is a piece of me and whatever hurt her will also hurt me""."
"flour, water, starch, paper,,,mix, stir, make a mud consistency,,,,plaster on a frame or wire form. sincerely"
"i know what you mean... some people just have nasty breath. offer them some gum or a breath mint. if they pass, which they normally do, take them to the side and tell them that there breath is kickin! ha!"
"mean simply ""heather"" from the english word for the variety of small shrub with pink or white flower which commonly grow in rocky areas. it is derived from middle english hather"
a man who can think ? wow. i am excited.
"racism is prejudice stemming from race, while prejudice can be anything from hatred because of sex, sexual orientation, religion, culture or nationality. the list go on. it's best to think of racism a more of a division of prejudice."
"the sky is blue because it reflects the ocean.the world is made up of two third water, the same a the human body. when the sun is up, which hide the darkness of the sky, the ""light"" reflects the surface of blue on the massive layer of water on the planet.as you know, the sky is many other color a well, depending on how much cloud cover there is, which in turn reduces the reflective quality of the ocean."
yes why do they??? let me know when you find out...
copyright law affect you the same way that it doe everyone else. if you are using some one else's work for research or in a paper or something like that then you can usually use it a long a you cite the proper source. a long a you remember to cite the proper source you probably won't have any problem with copyright law or plagiarism.
it's kind of late. for the future keep the painting out of the sun so it doe not dry out a much. for now you can try taking it to a hobby shop to see if they have any spray that will help.
"i think you were referring to my answer about no proper id when returning to the us.. . tell them you didn't know, you lost it ... something like that"
unfortunately because of your skin tone they assume you are pakistani. just like all hatred it is from fear of someone different that cause them to hate in most cases.
a shallot is smaller and milder. they are in the same family.
"because whisky flask will fit into the leg portion of your average cowboy boot. way back in the day, men who had flask on both leg would sell a belt of whiskey for ( a nickel?!?! ) and being far away from a bar, other guy would buy it."
"communication entail whatever we do to build connection between u a human beings.. . successful communication mean that understanding is established. ideas, emotions, knowledge, rules."
i would say that the best gift you can make is to his new church! he'll be appreciative of that i'm sure.
....why not? it's just a important to justify inaction.
"well, the u look like a horseshoe, the s is like a little snake and the a is a tipi!. . that's all for today, boy and girls, time for milk and cookies!"
"i assume you mean calories. a calorie (lower case c) is the amount of energy it take to heat one gram of water by one degree celsius. a calorie (capital c), also called a kilocalorie, is how much energy it take to heat one kilogram of water by one degree celsius."
"the attitude involved are very closely related...the divine wind pilot were religiously dedicated to thier cause much a the current suicide bombers..it trulu doe come down to the belief system influence on the individual...i do agree with the idea that military vs. civilian target play a role, however that would mean the strategic bombing carried out by the ally in wwii could be considered terrorism, the bombing of dresedn being the prime example"
"1966. very very simply, mao wa becoming unpopular with his failed policy eg great leap forward which wa the biggest man made famine in history.. . the cr wa a way for mao to gain popularity again and also a way to get rid of his political enemies. anyone that dared to say anything bad about mao were branded a class enemies."
"stonehenge is a circle of standing stone in england. . no one know really what they were for, but it is believed they were a monument used by druid for festival etc.. . some people still believe they have magical property and they hold pilgrim there every year."
"poseidon is the god of the sea, horse and also known a the ""earth-shaker"". . he offer calm sea and make new islandsand if ignored, punishes people by creating earthquakes, tidal wave & disaster on sea."
"nutritional information is not widely available about the popcorn sold in movie theaters. a few year ago, one report said that the smallest portion (often six cups, or double the standard serving) contain about 20 gram of fat. the large bucket reportedly contain 80 gram of fat, or almost 130 gram if served with added butter. if true, the fat content in that snack would be comparable to three to five big mac or six to 10 candy bars."
"they were a people who practiced an earth-based religion. most earth-based religions, then a now according to historical documentation, revered the cycle of the earth. the winter and summer solstice were particularly important to agricultural peoples, so they were a big focus religiously. stonehenge frame the sun during the solstice."
"the answer- not very. but better than they used to be. if you are curious about miccy d's food, watch super size me- a wicked funny, informative documentary that wa nominated for an oscar!"
"roman 6:23 say that the wage for sin is ""death"". adam wa told if he ate of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, he would ""die"". the church made up all the eternal damnation stuff to try to control the people. that is one of the reason the religious leader tried so hard for so long to keep the bible in latin and out of the language of the common man."
"absolutely not. jesus loved everyone. some people hate god and faith , so they attack it every chance they get. some may be joking because of all the catholic priest who have been guilty of sex with children."
"wow. what a racist comment. you will find that the race of white people comprises several different culture in several different countries. we are not all any one way, we are individual like every other person on earth regardless of their race."
you plunge them into boiling water for a couple of minute and then plunge them into cold water.. my great aunt used to do this to freeze corn on the cob and it wa amazing. you should do a web search for technique and actual timing.
"you might be referring to standard song - like jazz standards. those would be song that a lot of different artist have performed/recorded but likely didn't write. this happened a lot in the 30's and 40's. song like - ""cry me a river"" or ""all of me"" or ""somewhere over the rainbow""."
"if all i did wa talk about the end of the world...and earthquake and volcanic eruption and war and such...to you it would be ""doom and gloom""...but to a real born again saint of god, it is music to our ears!. :)"
you would need a scrying mirror. sometimes people use water though. the link below ha full instruction on how to scry and the purpose for it. enjoy ;)
"in islam the prophet muhammad is known a the seal of the prophets, which is to say he wa the last one. (i'm not muslim, i've just studied islam.) ~ peace & blessing ~"
being psychic doe not mean that person would know who exactly is going to come . so you can still surprise. may be two three of you can go one by one and you be the last.
no self-control on both their parts...does take two. :( sad but true.
"july is one of the hottest month and very rainy/humid because it is the monsoon season.. . if you are planning a trip, the best time to go to thailand is between november and february."
"blah, blah, blah. you know, with every breathe you take, you're one breathe closer to death. better stop breathing!"
"""bitte"" pronounced bit-a. but also it can mean you're welcome, a in after someone say 'thank-you' (danke) you may say (bitte). :)"
"ability to make one life easier with a give and take solution that us raw good into developed good or raw talent into useful services. idea is to increase the value of time and life in general, so we dont all end up just sitting around doing nothing :) we need to do something and in that something, we should be looking for a positive growth overall."
"don't beat around the bush, come right out and ask her. tell her about your crush. it is possible that she doesn't know that you like her."
not sure y but i call my black friend nigar all the time an the dont give a shit. an iz white
"find a many book on it you can, i don't know how much is on the internet. pray for a guide,keep you eye open, and don't be afraid to talk to people about it. go to physic fair and ask questions. also practice and keep record of thing you see and result of behavior."
"strange question.... . all you can do @ this point is think young, live young and have lot of fun"
"that's like saying ""how can a church jusify the cost of printing flyer or sending mailing to people in the community?"" it's a way of becoming a visible part of a community, and a way of providing information to people who are interested. if you wanted to know about service times, event dates, or program that are offered at a particular church, it's an easy way to find those thing out."
"sake (酒; pronounced ipa: /sɑ.kɛ/ listen (help·info)) is a japanese alcoholic beverage, brewed mainly from rice. it is often referred to a rice wine."
"to reach total happiness. however, if you did reach it, you'd have nothing left to live for, and you'd be depressed, at the very least, so you wouldn't be happy! quite a paradox, heh?"
"the queen's silhouette on stamp is a symbol of the royal origin of the uk postal system. also, all stamp have to have an image of her majesty in some form, in order to be legal."
you mean by brugel? to show that nobody cares.
step 1: turn off your pc. step 2: leave your house. step 3: go somewhere a lot of people hang out. step 4: talk to somebody
yes. . p god ha a sense of humor and so do i.. . who say im a he ?
that is right but catholic believe in catholicism and catholicism denies christianity. in catholic religion people pray to saint and mary which jesus said shouldn't be done because the only way to father is through him. also rosary is forbidden in the bible but made one of the thing to do in catholic faith .
"i love my sister for sure, sweet brown round. but! woman of the world are sexy in their own rite. no matter what color their skin, when it come to being sexy they all win."
"poor people can be recognized often by health issues. since they don't have the money for food, it can be seen in their bones, teeth, and many other health problem they have."
"woke up with a hangover and thought ""f*** this, i'm going to be evil for eternity."". . none of this is real, idiot!"
i hate that~! it look so creepy and un natural with their skin...too pretty to be fake.
"not the act, but the intention.. . letting the crowd get down with his virgin daughters... yeah.. . the intention wa to honor his guest by insuring they didn't get raped in the bum bum. it make you wonder if angel have bum bum hole to sodomize."
i am with you on this one man!! coy woman are very annoying i have never been one of those women. men love straight forward woman and i know this from experience. being straight forward and honest ha gotten me everywhere and anywhere i want with men.
yoplait light ha an apple turnover flavor. it's awesome!
"it a guide that ha information on place around the world. it give you a guide on the hows, wheres & whens on getiting from a to b. choose a destination & it help you choose accomodation, transport, food, place to visit, doe & donts the religion of the country & politics, basically a total guide on that country. try the lonely planet or collins they are quite good guide but there are others."
jam is when you get stuck somewhere like a traffic jam. jelly is the flavored sticky thing we all eat on bread sometimes. jam can mean jelly too sometimes. maybe there are more difference but i don't really know.
"people get aid because their immune system decrease due to the presensce of the hiv virus. the hiv virus is transmitted by having unprotected sex, or by having your blood infected through shring of needles, blood transfusion, wound-to-wound contact)."
"beleive me, the best way to attract a girl is to be real and who you are that is it. never try to be something you are not, even if she doesn't like the real of you, she will admire you ain't trying to be the guy on tv etc."
because the #1 pencil is under the witness relocation program for turning state evidence over on the #2 pencil. #2's punishment is to be used and cloned for all eternity a the standard pencil to have.
"like the above answer indicate, it is part of human nature, so it must have it place. the problem come when it get out of control, when it get too big. (when it get so big that it make other people feel small.)"
"you are never too young to to spread the word if you truly understand it, and you feel that the lord is moving in you to spread his gospel. ignore the idiot that told you to take a biology class first. the word take no biology class to understand and share."
is he one of those illegal immigrant that you keep blackmailing ? lol... if so... there you go...
"the boss, the big cheese. . the term ""el jefe"" is also used in the dominican republic to refer to a dictator who ruled the country for 30 years."
"not to claim that i have this experience..... but my understanding is that it is a unifying phenomenon. an understanding beyond ""illusion"". supposedly it is a flashing realization that come to people."
drink alot of water before you go out and when you get home dont eat bread. eat something greasy before you go out it will coat your stomach making le alochol in your sysytem ie you dont get drunk....if you have a bad hangover choke down 2 piece of dry toast this will soak up all the liquid in your system making you feel better. . oh yeah dont take aspirin it cause stomach bleeding
"because there wa a prophecy made about a child born in july. it said ""none can live while the other survives"" neville and harry were both born in july and therefore voldy chose to go after harry so the ""chosen one"" may not have been harry."
"the church i belong to is a new frontier church which seek to take the church back to the act church. it is going very well too, our church where i live started 11 year ago, we have planted 2 church from ours in the past 4 year with many member going from our church to move and live in new places, these plant are growing too! our church is still growing and going from strenghth to strength."
"21, uk, male, middle, 240, degree, atheist.. . we go into the ground. we rot. full stop."
the tenderloin run on either side of the backbone. it's a rounish muscle that's incredibly tender (hence the name). it run through the pork chop--it's the bigger side of a bone-in pork chop.
"go back and read it again!..the love of money is the root of all evil!!!! not the money itself!....where are you heathen getting all of these obnoxious theories!.....oh, i forgot, hear say, manmade theories, satan's doctrine!...seek the truth for yourself!"
put your drink in the freezer and then pour it when it ha chilled that way you don't get watered done drink.. . the drink fizz's up because the gas reacts with the cold!
first of all thnx 4 choosing me a the best answer. yes now on to topic.computer sector in phil. is not that grown up.the most successful buisness way there is tourism.having knowledge in computer u can do it better.just build ur own tourism office by taking permission from the govt. .. for more information contact me at rajkumar_2509@yahoo.co.in
"that is very interesting and thought-provoking. maybe the only problem with that is that the meaning of disembodied doe not precisely describe what it is you want to define since it ha broader meaning, whereas beheaded only ha that one meaning."
"melted butter will change the consistency of your cookie dough and make them tough when baked. if the recipe asks for softened, then that's what you should use."
"you can get flavored chip (rainbow, mint, white, peanut butter, butterscotch, exc.), or you could try mini m&ms or smarties, or any candy like that, go to the local candy store and get creative. good luck!"
bottle up ur common sense and pour a little in every recipe. it help make very good food
i wa under the impression that smoothie wa just crushed fruit with ice.. but some place put yogurt in them. i guess all you can do is ask before giving up 4 bucks.
"they're still around... i had one a couple of week ago... fannie may candy carry them... there's also a small candy shoppe in walworth, wi that carry them..... . mmm... abba zabba .. you're my only friend."
"actually for volume of alcohol hard liquor are the least fattening because you have to drink le of them to intake a similar amount of alcohol. other than that alcohol is really just the waste product that occurs when yeast digest sugar (remember that next time you tip one back, not that it make me stop drinking). since not all of the sugar is digested by the yeast you are ingesting it when you drink. thus like any other food, consume too much and you get fat."
"in the winter (from last sunday in october until last saturday in march), ghana would be five hour ahead of new york. in the summer (from last sunday in march until last saturday in october), the difference would become four hours."
"change. . god said he was, but then i'm sure zues probably said the same thing..."
"a a different type of presentation of the cake. baker like to be different sometimes and making a tube shaped cake is different. the inside are the same, but it just look different."
"you know what, the only word you wouldn't hear in the cinema isn't the f word, isn't the c word, isn't anyword you could think of but the word ""god"".. . yes, you can hear the f word, the c word, the d word clearly, but you will never hear the word ""god"" in a movie or on tv! ironic isn't it?"
"we might not all agree, but whether we like it or not graffiti is an art form and it is here to stay. look at the famous basquat for example. i don't do it myself but i have admired it."
most wine label are nowadays fixed using self adhesive glue which can be softened using heat for longenough to peel them off.. . fill the empty bottle with boiling water and wait five minute then try peeling.
"emerson too and i think although he wa considered a naturalist, john muir. look of some of his quotes-amazing!"
"a poncho is a simple garment designed to keep the body warm, or if made from an impermeable materia, to keep dry during rain. it is essentially a single large sheet of fabric with an opening for the head and sometimes for the arms. some ponchos, especially those made to ward off rain, also have hood attached."
i have no idea. but i bet i got more of them than anybody else ;)
titanic & olympic. one of the three stack wa just for show - the liner company thought it would attract more business.
you think it sound nasty? just imagine how they get the rice to be so dirty. they do un-natural thing with their cousin on the rice to get it so dirty.
"bolt of fabric were sold in 9 yard units. normally someone would come into a store amd just buy a much a they needed. they'd browse the shelves, then have the storekeeper measure it out on brass tack on the counter (""coming down to brass tcks""). other times, when someone wa feeling extravagant or had a really big project, they would spring for the whole nine yards."
"seminary -- a school, especially a theological school for the training of priests, ministers, or rabbis.. . divinty school--a protestant seminary."
i hate it when i get a good answer going and after i spell check it so carefully and hit submit......its gone! tease
is this really true? i've never gotten sleepy after drinking milk and my kid haven't either.
"jesus said ""destroy this temple, and in three day i will raise it up."" when he said this, everyone thought he meant he would actually rebuild their temple in three day by himself, when it took their team of worker year to build it in the first place. jesus wa referring to his body a the temple, though. when they crucified him (and destroyed his temple), he wa raised from the dead three day later."
yeah i feel ya gurl. this girl is always in my bisness. i wish she wuold jus stop buggin
"because the more toy you can show off, the better you feel, the more superior you feel. simple low-self esteem yuppie materialistic crappola."
"chisinau, my bf is from there. it's small and rural. nothing really to do tourist wise. nice people though."
the mind need to be stimulated in the way that only contact with other people can produce. without such contact the mind can turn in on itself. it like if you restrict your vision or your hearing your mind will create the need stimulation itself.
"cultural seperation, maybe the thing that set one culture apart from another? like religion, language, custome, ect. it is just a guesse though, i don't really know"
"it mean when you are getting taken up for your money, you pull your pocket out, and when they hang out it look like rabbit ears. listen to the biggie cd."
"this must be some phrase that you pulled out of a larger sentence. it would be more helpful if we had the entire sentence to work with.. . a synonym for ""epithet"" is ""name"" or ""description"".. . i hope this helps."
"an anglicized pronunciation of the hebrew tetragrammaton, yhwh, which are the four consonant letter used to spell god’s name in the old testament (exodus 3:14). the hebrew considered the name of god too holy to pronounce and susbstituted the word “lord” (adonai) when the text wa read. the vowel of the word “adonai” wa combined with yhwh to get the word “jehovah” which wa first used in the 12th century. a more accurate pronunciation of yhwh would be “yahweh."
if you mean irrefutable it mean impossible to refute or disprove. i will further reserch it for ya a time permit
"christian zionist believe that the presence of a jewish state in the middle east is a pre-requisite for the 2nd coming of christ. if you're curious, read the link."
"repentance, that is from god, is out of a truly ""repentent"" heart...meaning the person is not only sorry for what they did, but would, if given the chance to encounter the situation again, do differently....its not just being ""sorry"" a a feeling, but being truly sorry and turning away from whatever it is they are repenting of..... . repentance is embracing the desire for change...."
"extortion never end once it starts. the only way to stop it is to tell the truth. you will end up doing this in the future, so you might a well do it now."
"well usually for a dramatic change in specie there ha to be a dramatic change in the environment or food source. since we have the brain power now to adapt to almost any situation, i doubt are body will change much. there is really no way to know."
why is this in the etiquette section it should be with culture . anyway i heard that menthol wa marketed toward the black community so that is why they smoke more of it
caloric reduction is the only way to get rid of thigh fat. try squat for the butt.
i do not dislike cops. most that i have met & know are good people with good intentions.
"take a year off, get a job while you wait and see what really interest you. why waste $ on any college until you can at least narrow your life path down to one or two directions.. . you have lot of great and interesting ideas, but not many are realistic or well-worked out.. . you're young, you can take a year to find your way."
im not a vegtaran cuz we r at the top of the food chain why not enjoy it u vegtarn bastards!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"to kill a mockingbird by harper lee.. . it really opened my eye to racism and prejudice present in the world.because i come from a good school,my classmate and i used to shun those one who came from not so good ones.after reading the book,i realised that brain don't really matter that much.i have friend from many school now :). i'm being a honest a i can be...."
because it may be the biggest thing that ever happens in their lives. many spend more for prom than their weddings.
if mahabharatha is really a myth then lord krishna is also a myth of course. but then the god are also myth and half of the indian history is also a myth it is just what we believe and what we do not
"go t o army , or to air force. . or become a high class biseness man"
"historical period, social class, personal taste, style, relationship to other characters, hygiene, sense of order, conformity v uniqueness.. . color being in contrast with the background help the character ""pop"" which mean they stand out from the background and are more visually interesting."
b written on an old piece of garbage. when will you bible freak understand that?
"it's not that the ""r"" is pronounced differently, it's that several different sound are all represented with the same symbol in writing. it's not entirely certain that there is a fundamental physical relationship between them, but there is some poorly described perceptual similarity between them. the most recent book on world phonetics (""sounds of the world's languages"" by ladefoged and maddieson) point out many of the thing we know, but there are huge gap in why human perceive all these different sound a being related."
"the answer is: the nickle, the dime and the quarter are all made from the same metal and the penny is made from copper. the machine can only detect one type of metal. it know if it is a dime, quarter ect... by the size of the coin."
commissioned by and named after pope sixtus iv.. . if you're interested in vatican museum then take a wander round the site below.
"yep, take the rer b and it direct to gare du nord. hut watch for your money a there are pickpockets.. at garde de nord you ll be on direct line to go to any place in paris, and at the eurostar station."
"depends on if you're a member of the nra or not. they would say the gun situation is great (national rifle association)there are people getting murdered every day, but because there is a part of the u.s. constitution, that state individual have the ""right to bear arms"". the gun lobbyist practically have an office in the white house. kid at school shooting each other happens a lot but a long a the nra get it's payday, that's how it will stay and/or get worse."
"actually i can't find a specific preference for any paintings, cause each of them ha a history, a inspiration and an unique value, it just depends of how we get to capture or feel their beauty. it just take time and attention to learn how to appreciate them. the difference is the technique, but they're really alike, they share the expression of life."
she brought me and my mom closer together. her show gave u something we liked in common.. . pretty hard for a teen-aged girl to have with her mom!
"there's no regulated definition of ""natural""! high fructose corn syrup is not a ""natural"" ingredient a far a i'm concerned. this ingredient disagrees with many people. it wa derived from waste crop product that could not be fed to livestock because it made them sick."
"it mean ""summone a brave soldier"" or mary, befriend or employ a manly man"" in turkish. the other guy hereinabove really dont know what they are talking about. it is used a a surname rather than a name. it can be encountered in jewish language because half of the jew in israel are originally ottoman subject or they are european jew saved by the turk from the nazi during ww ii."
"when you have a neighborhood with a high rate of joblessness you are faced with a populace who becomes more concerned with a roof over their head and food on the table than any more esoteric concerns......referring back to maslow's hierarchy of needs----safety issue and basic physical issue come before abstractions. it hard to get excited about say, litter or vandalism or even school or tax issue when you are worried about feeding your family."
"not necessarily derogatory, depends on the context. it is a shortcut for christian a the cross represent christ so the x represents the cross. kinda like saying u r instead of you are."
"because it worked.. . excuse me, i'm going to admire my thumb now."
lmao! one of my favorite thing to call people that piss me off!
ignorance is the only answer i can come up with. it's the same reason why people are mean towards anyone who is different than they are.
they seek the attention that the never got a a child. second born always feel threatened by the first born. so go out of their way to prove a point!
"group therapy give participant opportunity to give each other feedback and learn from each others experiences. participant in a group often have similar presenting issues, so people can feel le isolated knowing that others have similar problems. individual therapy give the client more time to focus intensively on their own issues. outcome research suggests that group and individual mode of therapy are about equally effective overall."
"a people they grow more disillusioned with life and all of it quirks.your way of looking at thing tends to be more oriented towrds the future and the now fall to the side. youo just have to try to enjoy what you have and keep plugging along. it the little thing now that you should have most of your large want , that matter."
"they are a natural part of the environment. if you are proposing getting rid of them, i would like to review your plan first."
my friend and i tryed it in school in the girl locker room we saw her we did bloody mary i killed ur baby something like that she appeared with a knife with blood all over her we ran out of the locker room we were frightened . i'm lying nothing happened i wouldn't do that
according to them you are supposed to wait until you are married to have sex and then you don't need a condom. i guess.
the higher the level of education a person or society achieves... the smarter or more educated a person or society becomes... the better they can recognize error or think of better solution to personal or social problems... therefore law are changed... rule are changed and etiquette standard are change. this can be called... social or cultural evolution!
"it the first time i hear that comment for greeks. i am greek myself and i have thousand of foreign friends, they all had great time in greece, people here are always willing to help, open hearted and fun. honestly you are the only person that belief something like that! i dont know how you got that impression but in case you met one greek you didnt like, that certainly doesnt mean all greek are the same.."
"mason is not religion. it is a universal movement which ha special and private procedure to be involved in, and i think that even people who invlved in this movement are not really know well about it a the mason head keep the secret while it depends on the level of the subscriber to know about the mason."
"if it is in books, it either indicates that there is more info on the bottom of the page, or separate sections. if it's here on yahoo! answers, it bleep out intolerant words/phrases."
i think it a higher form of understanding of what you whisper to often psychological in horse whisperer you see the psychological profile of a horse like the direction it think because it a horse and that people pay close attention to that psychology i don't think it really psychic a much a it sherlock holmes it a reasoning that if the dog normally act this way but it really acting this way then this must be the cause. and yes this doe apply to ghost a well they're is a psychology to traumatic death or a death that make a spirit stuck to the elemental plane.
"the sufi tradition give u a window to some of the greatest wisdom and mystery of human history.. . without their work, many of the great literature treasure of the ancient time (especially aristotle) would have been lost.. . now more than ever, islam need to embrace is mystical heritage and reject those who seek to implant a puritanical, geopolitical caliphate at the expense of everything islam stand for."
"hi. . sign: structure displaying a board on which advertisement can be posted; ""the highway wa lined with signboards""; another context where you can use the word ""sign"" is ""it's a bad sign"" or ""it's a good sign""..refering to a situation, when there's a hint that something will be good or bad.. . symbol: something visible that by association or convention represents something else that is invisible; ""the eagle is a symbol of the united states""."
why bird fly?. why cat poop?. . why i use only nouns?
"not an oil paint, tempura (i think it mean egg) it is powdered pigment which you add to egg yolk. best wish"
because somebody got smart--and had an idea--that actually made sense-- ni dong ma? (do you understand?)
life is god-given and only god can take it away. . sanctity mean holiness
it is oil pressed out of actual flax seeds. it is good for your heart and your immune system. it is a good source of omega 3.
"it's a bone in any fowl (chicken, turkey) that look a bit like a horseshoe on a stick. people say that if you and another person with your pinky on either side of it, break it, whoever get the biggest half get to make a wish."
any banker site or bank dealing in fe would tell you. you can browse foreign exchange and check up the site wanted by you and the currency
"i read it an automatic reaction left over from when human were still evolving a a species, prior even to caveman days. early human would laugh (sort of) when they encountered something new and strange. it wa a way of telling others that what they had found wa not dangerous and that there wa nothing to fear. supposedly, this instinctual behaviour evolved into modern laughter."
"i asked a question similiar to this last week. basically, if you ask a question and someone responds with ""2 points"" and nothing else, it mean that they are just answering to get two point to add to their score. it apparently fall under the hideous infraction of ""gaming for points"", which mean that you can report their snarky @sses if you so desire! muhahahahha"
"crazier than a loon, nuttier than a fruit cake, off his rocker. el-bazaaro, and a wacky doddle to boot."
not very. one of the reason it's such a hit. bon appetite.
"i did it..and it ha nothing to do with my vocation. it's important to understand what is developmentally appropriate for child and how to deal with and teach them best. if someoone is a parent it's best to know a much about their child a possible and not merely count on their past experience a a guidance tool. even if they are not a parent, they should understand child and help contribute to assimilating them into society appropriately."
"according to king solomon in the book of ecclesiastes, ""the conclusion of the matter, everything having been heard is: fear the (true) god and keep his commandments. for this is the whole (obligation) of man."""
"ahhh you have indeed come a long way grasshopper, thats the eternal question. indeed, what doe make them merit special consideration."
trying starting the koa website or the commonwealth of massahcusetts website. that go for the state of rhode island a well.
it will cost more but ship it overnight express. ought to be fine that away.
"two things- dictator, and the saying about ""one rotten apple spoiling th whole barrel"", but other than that- if you stir a sh1t pie, you won't get puddin'.. . my best friend's wife is from caracas, and she said the country ha gone to hell in a handbasket since chavez got into power."
"laugh out loud. short form during msn and texting, designed to convey emotion when the other person can't see/hear you"
"besides smelling it, try pressing on it. if it's too firm then it's probably not ripe, but it shouldn't be too soft either. just a suggestion, but the one's that say 'extra sweet' are usually better."
jack and jill. to fetch a pail of water. right before they fell. up the hill
in the uk the british jeweler association is involved in training. see bja.org.uk i am sure usa must have the same sort of organisation
"you know, i seen something on american idol a couple of week ago, where chris wa instructed to lay on the floor on his back and sing. surprisingly, he said it made him use his diaphram muscle more. it wa pretty cool. good luck!"
it just a half glass of nonfat milk. 3 spoon full of chocolate syrup and 3 spoon full of chocolate chips. and don't forget to had a little vanilla and ice and then blend. there is no caffeine that's a java chip frappuuccino.
1 + area code + number. same a you would in the states. no need to dial a international exchange or access number.
it might sound gross..but put a sliver of soap up your butt!. constipation can be caused by lot of things...diet.. lack of exercise....lack of water
"it is simple, because human being love this world. either me or you don't like to leave our family, friend or relative and all the happiness of this world."
"first i would get with your local pastor and ask him if you could deliver next sunday sermon and see if it is okay, some people have what it take to stand up in front of other people and speak of the bible and some don't. but start with your own church first."
"what do you mean? like the symbol or something? oh, and it zodiac not zobiac"
king arthur is famous for *pulling excaliber out of the stone* . king arthur is belived to have been more of a *war lord* then a king but he did do great thing for britan. . it is said that when britain need arthur the most he will again rise and take excaliibur and defend her...
u shouldnt trust too many people. but i wouldn't say trust no one.
"the best and most direct way via public transportation is still the bus. it take about 6:40 hr with greyhound at a cost of $52.. you could try amtrak via sprinfield,ma and then connect with greyhound with a total travel time of about 4 hr (check connection time) but cost about $97."
your soul is your inner you. your main being. mind is what you use while making desisions while you are on earth. your body is like a house for your soul.
"she is not interested, but doesn't want to hurt your feelings. maybe you should be the one to act hard-to-get. just act cool around her like you aren't that interested in her any more & see what happens."
"are you talking about being emotional? if so, it scare people to see other's emotionals. you need to get help for the cutting. it's not healthy."
"because it is easy to make pizza that are round a pizza base are baked round and not square. also baking a round base make sense a the liquid when poured naturally take a round shape. moreover square box are more cheap and easier to handle, so they are kept in square box rather than round ones!!!"
"""koinonia"" is a greek word with many definitions.if you use this word in everyday life it mean ""society"" but if you use it a a religious term ""theia koinonia""(meaning holy) it is something that the ortodox christian have. every sunday when the prayings are finished the orthodox(who have fast) drink wine from a chalice which also ha little piece of bread in it.the priest give those two thing with a spoon and they are considered a holy. they believe that they take the blood and the flesh of jessus in them and they are ""bind"" a brother and sister a they have the same ""holy substance"" in them."
"i used to love that day when i wa a kid... we had to go to school but there were not class at all, we didnt have to wear uniform and it wa like a gian party for everybody, lot of candies, maybe a rides, games, etc. it is ton of fun!"
"no. and when i say ""no"" i mean ""yes."""
"expensive, clubby and, i believe, gay. if you're into club that's fine, although it is possible to avoid them. i've been to greece many times, only visited mykinos for one day, but would not choose it a a holiday destination. i suggest you research some lesser well-known islands: there are also some good mainland locations."
"put it in a roasting pan...cook it 30 min per pound, first half an hour doesn't count. never fails."
"those thing won't make you rich, trust me. it's more a state of mind. you have to feel content and rich with what you have.. and if you want to have more money, try to work harder. everything is possible if you want."
when family ate sat round a table space wa at a premium. some one with their elbow planted firmly in place inconvenieces the diner either side of them.
"i imagine it would be in their self confidence. it would be in their speech, and physical appearance. if you came upon a proud person who had something to be proud of, and then there would be a certain amount of modesty, other wise they would be confused with a bragger."
"i think a long a you have the cash they'll sell one to you. i used to work at a postal service, and there wa not a set age you had to be to buy one."
"their energy are on different wavelength values.. . like the difference between matter and what we usually call energy (conventional energies), only bigger."
"fish heads, fish heads, rolly polly fish heads..... . the papal mitre is a fish head, originally it wa worn by priest for the fish god dagon."
"2 x bottle of red wine, 330ml (1/2 pint) water, 8 oz sugar, 1 orange (sliced), 1 lemon (sliced) 2 x cinnamon sticks, 1 level tsp ground nutmeg put all of these into a pan and very slowly warm and heat through for about 30 mins. if you want to make it extra special then add a dash of brandy"
plain popcorn with no salt ha 0 calories. these are zero calorie food. with salt and butter that is a different story
"it is a piece of beef or veal pounded very flat and thin with a tenderizer; dipped in flour, egg, and bread crumbs; then cooked in a frying pan with a little bit of oil. it is german or austrian."
"from hawaii 5 o, the tv show.. . hawaii 5 0 wa called 5 0 because it wa the fiftieth state, on an interesting aside."
"you are a spiritual woman and you know that god say not for a couple to unequally yoked!!! you cannot really change his view on religion or force it.. preacher are choosen sometimes to preach at time they are not i dont trust everyone myself, you have to be careful not to let the churh life lead you becuyase god dosent see how often you go to church he look at if you truly love him and honore him, try having church sometimes at home with him and discus certain religious topic with each other. come to some form of agreement. and good luck with what ever you do god will let you know"
"question from people who talk about thing they don't really understand do not frustrate me at all. i overlook ignorance. next question, please?"
the ball should just pop right out. if it's too tight you will have to pry the ring open just a little bit and the ball will fall out.
"people do. we are not puppet we have free will and when you have that much freewill in so many differant people you get people with corrupt thought who do immoral thing then you have the mass bird of a feather flock together, at first it noticed and people rally against what the mass do but soon enough they join in if you see something long enough you get used to it you forget to pay attention. soon it the norm"
"are you from another planet? wow, i didn't know that there wa anyone out there that didn't know what or how an idop works."
"structural or construction ceramic are term that have not yet been standardised, referring to material that in some way must withstand mechanical stresses, bending or pressure for example. the concept industrial and engineering ceramic have practically identical meanings."
"guadalajara ha continental climate. at this time of year it will be warm and dry, a summer is starting, very rarely windy. when i go, i usually make sure i have a good sunblock protector, cotton tshirts and a light jacket, a evening get a little cold (specially considering all the overheating of day light). i prefer long trusers because of insect but short trouser or skirt could be used perfectly, right now they have 32 grade centigrade, on day light (confirmed first hand not a weather web page)."
"drink aloooot of water, and take an asprin. lay down for about 20-30 minute and relax. then get up and drink more water. usually when you have a hangover your body is starving for water."
"i'm studying to be a historian and you do have to use deductive powers.when we look at a primary source we have to not only look at what it literally say to you, (witting testimony), we have to deduce what other meaning it may hold. perhaps something the writer mentioned only in passing or something that they were just not concious of (unwitting testimony). you also have to piece together the event of a particular period and other documentary or visual evidence with this testimony to make sense of it all."
"to me submission to men is a submission to god. once we understand what god want from u in all thing we will understand submission to our mate. read the last chapter of proverbs, it describes what a woman should be......"
your english isn't very good. you should probably take some time to learn to express yourself more clearly.
there are ways--but i'm not telling you--sorry--then everybody be doing it-- however-this kind of travel is stop and start--you have to cash in for a while or do some work to pay for the road le traveled--actually right now--i'm getting paid to write this--and i didn't pay to get here----not directly anyway- . skill are important though and catching what most by pass-hope that helps- it s a riddle---:)cheers
just take 1c. of sugar to every 2c. warm water
"what doe the name of a girlfriend have to do with school?. . anyway, i study at university of the philippines-manila. incoming senior."
"sex is everywhere, ads,tv, it is hard not to think of sex. religion, seems to be more secret, you can't say god bless you, or wish you a merry christmas. it seems that more people are against it their simply afraid to use it."
"i have the exact same problem! when i wa flying last year i bought a neat little pair of ear plug (specially for flying) at the chemist. pop them in and suck hard sweets/drink water, and there's no pain (maybe some temporary discomfort)- they're brilliant!"
at least retard have an excuse for being ignorant. most religious people are not technically retarded. they're just not thinking very much.
"i think that is a bit of a sweeping statement. i dont believe that everyone is biased towards muslims, and more than likely just a small percentage of people in your life which you have met have been biased in any way, shape or form. some people just live in the dark age and still see people of different race a lesser people."
"adam and eve had many son and daughters, cain and able were the first to get the preisthood. that's why they're the only one mentioned in the bible."
"we still make it, i buy it at the company store all the time. i guess your local store stopped stocking it. last summer we started running wal mart great value product and yesterday we ran the garden mix under their label. maybe i should start selling that sh*t on ebay?"
"it's green, ha lot of fiber and vitamins. it make you poop and pas gas. that's a good thing."
"a stated, 24 karat (with a k) gold is pure; 22k gold would be approximately 92% pure, with the remainder being copper and silver. in this case, karat measure the purity.. . diamond are weighed by carat (with a c), which is equal to 200 milligrams. apart from being pronounced the same, this is a completely different measurement than the one for gold."
woman are suppossed to have their head covered in church. their hair cover their head.
"he's obsessed! (if he ever encounter a real live lady he'll say:""umm hammaummhumma..."")"
do whatever make you the happiest. whether it be going dancing or sitting down and reading a book. it's hard to get over but that's what friend and family are there for... to support you and help you through tough times. always remember tomorrow a new day.
it happens to the best of us! perhaps some of the thing really have happened before...
i don't think the frequency are different-at least not in mine. mine seems to just work at a lower power and run intermittently so it kind of zap the food on and off at a lower temp so it doesn't cook it all the way through. when i want to cook something it zap the food at full power at a consistent level.
"be friendly, that is all there is to it. you wouldn't believe the number of stranger that talk to me!"
"u r pained if bitten by it.. . so, u feel like slapping it.. . but alas, a tiny creature cannot get a slap. instead it get killed!"
"good luck, because they will hide behind 9/11 and new security measures...they will call you ""unpatriotic"" or a ""potential terrorist"" to cover their intrusive, rude, attacks.. . be glad that place are being that thorough, because maybe those action will help prevent the next hi-jacking."
"you could post on here ""anyone want to be my pen pal?"" and give your email, and wait until someone email you.. but penpals are dangerous unless you do it online.. . one kid took a message in a bottle from new jersey and sent it in the bay, it ended up in australia (true story) and they still keep in touch. it wa just on the news the other day."
"art is a personal thing, like religion or moral belief systems. what is considered art to one might be considered in bad taste to another. art should make you think about what it is that you're looking at (or reading about)."
"well, a baby can be born either naturally, through the birth canal, or can be born via a c-section (an operation).. . the first night of marriage, in general, includes intercourse between the married couple."
"the muralist? nationally, i don't believe he is. however, people in state of coahuila probably know about him."
i've never heard of that. wa that written by an american?
ring bologna is cheap. eat the kielbasa- it is packed with sunshine and rainbows. bologna ha cow lip inside- icky.
"depemds... whether it cooked or raw. and if it is cooked, how is it cooked? fried, steamed, baked, medium-rare, well done?"
"unfortunately, the majority of people in this forum who question the christian faith design their ""questions"" to be extremely inflammatory - they're looking for the reaction, to offend; not for a reasonable dialogue. not everyone excells at letting such thing roll off their back.. . addition: see some of the above response to your question to see what i mean"
"it's a silly myth. based on a flawed, old book full of self-contradiction and gargantuan errors.. . get over it, chill out, have a nice glass of wine. an oregon shiraz or pinot noir would be great choices..."
"probably from the bilbao region of spain.. . fyi, see a page on theodore bilbo, mississippi, senator."
"people migrate because the condition they are living is hard to tolarate. if they have a opportunity to migrate to place they heard better, they will migrate.. . to increase quality of life.. to earn more money ( depending on which country they migrate from). to live in an safer environment."
whoever said it stand for emotional is right... most stereotype say that emo's cut and do stuff like that becuzz they think their life is worthless or something like that. it also is a type of music and i enjoy it n all but sometimes you can't rilly classify music. =) so basically emo people are people that get really emotional a lot.
"if you need to ask, then he/she is not the one. you will know"
i invited him/her a a friend and the picture kept getting more revealing. hey i'm a man and would be lying if i said i didn't check them out. but the picture were becoming more revealing so i took him/her of my friend list.
not sure about the reason for priory of scion. but the mason were started by the same family the gave land to the knight templar. the mason adopted the knight templar symbol after the templar disapeared. no one realy know what realy happened to the knights.
"either the food is cooked indoors and brought to an outdoor site, or the food is actually cooked at the outdoor site. special hot holding equipment is used for the food in either case."
"cigarette tar contain carcinogen (chemicals which cause cancer). when you smoke, these pas down your air passage and diffuse into the cell in your lungs. they can cause the dna in these cell to mutate, so a a result, the lung cell go crazy and start multiplying rapidly. a tumour grows and the smoker get lung cancer."
"a made up story by a person that ha no known value, but is treasured by the one who made it up. good luck"
"hopefully, they will put some clothes on! if they want to express themselves by not wearing clothes at their camp, then that's on them, but at least when you are around others they should cover themselves. doe that mean that their only friend are those who believe and express themselves like them? that's a question that make you wanna say, ""hmmmmmm."""
"the bible wa completed by men. it started by allah, ended by men. thats why nothing in it make any sense."
"8:20 is 20:20 in military time. actually though, some clock store just let their clock run."
take them to the uniform shop. if you are not near an uniform shop get needle and thread. then sew them on.
it is the latin name for the prayer of praise mary uttered when she learned that she wa chosen to be the mother of jesus. you will find it in the first part of luke's gospel.
"tune out the bad karma and concentrate on the folk who take time and put thought into their answers.. . opinion are like ^%$£holes ... everybody ha one, there are just more of both on 'answers'.. . peace out"
"if you invite people over, you'll have time to do a little shopping. cracker and cheese, popcorn, are inexpensive and easy to keep on hand if someone stop in. not everyone drink alcoholic beverages. keep some pop and bottled water too.. have your apt uncluttered; keep your stuff out of sight."
"baptist is just the generic denomination.. . the baptist denomination split way back when because there wa a ""southern baptist movement"" to be more like charismatic, pentecostal, and church of god.. . billy graham wa really into this, so the people that didn't like it split.. . now there are alot of different type of baptist since this split, and they all believe slightly different things."
"we often forget that true love is selfless,i.e. in true love one is not supposed to expect anything from the person one loves.. but we start expecting thing and when that dosen't happen we assume that our love is hurting us, but the fact is you are goin by the wrong rules.. so true love never hurts, cause it not supposed to."
"it mean it hasn't been abridged, that is, shortened. in the case of audio books, they read the whole story, not just excerpts. (for dictionaries, it mean every word is in there.)"
"it like with the phony jim_darwin id i once had:. i deceived some, but my intention were evil"
"i think you wrong people don't hate muslims, i think the reason you think that way is because of all the bad press they get, just because there are a few rotten apple in the barrel doesn't make them all bad. i know some very nice muslim who i would consider amongst my closest friends, they sit and listen to me when i talk about my view on god, and i listen to them we never say the other person is wrong because we all know we have the right to believe what we want. i must add i have wondered why with the very large number of muslim around the world they haven't done something about the bad one who disgrace with the good name and faith of the muslim people.. love & peace"
"imagine someone pushing bug rusty screw into your eyeballs, and then yanking them out, hard!. . this wa not a easy thought .. i deserve 10 point for even having to consider such torture."
"the primary significance of pearl harbor is that it is a deep water port that contained most of the u.s. pacific fleet. if the japanese had struck a just the right time, they could have completely altered the outcome of the war. a it turn out they were not able to catch of the flattop in port."
most of the story in all the good book are for the purpose of illustration of a point..remember the ppl of those day were not terrible literate so a story told the idea...the story mean that some place may be solid( a a rock) but they are not and to leave one necessity( such a clothes or heart..) is foolish for then you become naked and what will you do then. remember that the bible is very sure that one doe not know the time or the place for the revealing and so one need to be on watch at all times...moses wa not on his watch and so he lost his clothing..which in those day wa devastating
"there isn't an actual disorder in the dsm (psychologist's diagnostic manual) called borderline schizophrenia. if your doctor diagnosed you with borderline schizophrenia, than i guess you have symptom of schizophrenia, but do not meet the full criterion to warrant the diagnosis. . so, you may have what is called psychotic disorder no (not otherwise specified), in which you have psychotic symptoms, but not to the magnitude of full schizophrenia or symptom that don't match any other psychotic disorder.."
"the condition are not that great, but if you watch what you eat, you can improve your chance of getting sick. unfortunatly, most people that live there can't afford to watch what they eat. the healthcare system there is much like here, if you have money, you get good health care, if you don't you get bad healthcare or none at all."
you use jagermiester and redbull. pour the jager in a shot glass and the redbull in a separate glass. drop the shot in the glass and down it. thus a jager bomb!
because he ha come out of the closet and waiting for you to do the same..... . how about loving your brother unconditionally and not worry about *his* and only *his* business...
call your provider and ask for it to be temporarily suspended... . people do this all the time like when they go out of the country for extended time.
i'm guessing you don't have any of the ingredient listed and you are in the middle of making mashed potato and you ran out of milk and don't want to go to the store. yes you can substitute with water.
"it is because when you buy plain water you are buying top quality water. for example, spring water from somewhere far away, (france for evian a an example). coca cola us purified water which is not of a good quality."
"tater tot were first produced in 1953 by golden and nephi grigg of the ore-ida company, now a subsidiary of h. j. heinz company, a a mean of utilizing the potato shred left over from french fry production. they first became available in store in 1954; today, american consume approximately 70 million pound of ""tots"" per year.. . the shred are compressed and extruded through a die and chopped to length. the starch and liquid from the shredding process are sticky enough to hold them together until they freeze."
"i heard about a guy who collected about 20,000 plastic bottle and put them in net bag and sewed all the bag together and built his own island out of them. he covered the surface with dirt and planted grass and shrub and built a little house on it and now he doesn't have to pay property tax anymore. he tow his island around with a bass boat and park it wherever he want to live at the time. pretty cool idea."
"sixth sense is the extra-sensory perception, or esp, is the ability to acquire information by mean other than the known senses, i.e. taste, sight, touch, smell, hearing, balance and proprioception. the term implies sensual source of information unknown to science. the existence of esp ha not been scientifically established and is uniformly discredited by the scientific community"
"i am in the process of reading at now, and it is very easy to follow. it occurs in france- a an american renown professor is giving a speech and end up the number one suspect in a murder that go into the opus dei and secret brotherhood worlds. he meet a cryptography agent (who happens to be related to the victim) and they need to solve the case. so far---its wonderful"
"how many time are you going to ask this question? duh, buy some that is already blue and do your little thing that you do with blue gum."
"ephesian 3, it show god's glory in 4 dimensions.... . for this reason i bow my knee to the father of our lord jesus christ, from whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named, that he would grant you, according to the rich of his glory, to be strengthened with might through his spirit in the inner man, that christ may dwell in your heart through faith; that you, being rooted and grounded in love, may be able to comprehend with all the saint what is the width and length and depth and height-- to know the love of christ which pass knowledge; that you may be filled with all the fullness of god."
"if you analyze the structure of the chord, we find that the first three note form a basic major triad: g-b-d, with a major 3rd form g to b, a minor 3rd from b to d and a perfect fifth from g to d. nothing is new so far. from d to f is another minor 3rd. the interval from g to f, the minor 7th is new. it is a dissonant interval, which make the 7th chord a dissonant chord"
"you've gotta be kidding me.. . no man will compromise his masculinity by wearing such a ridiculous ensemble.. . good luck, you can try, but don't get your hope up."
"the list of porter show and film is immense; his lyric were literate, sophisticated, yet could be charming, suggestive, even naughty. his first show wa paris in 1928; it included ""let's do it."" that wa followed by frenchman in 1929 containing ""you do something to me."" followed by many many more."
"yeh you are right brother! muslim are adopting western habit inspite of acting upon islam & hadis mubarik only b/c of lack of knowledge.but it is our duty to tell those muslim who are misguided, our duty is to tell only not to force.but we should first try to make our home according to islam, then our environment & so ...the journey will began inshallah....your question is excellent!!! go ahead.. thanks,. sumiya."
"pork rind is the cooked skin of a pig. this may be either eaten warm with a meal, or served cold a a snack. in both form some fat is commonly still attached to the skin, and it taste fantastic :)"
"reservation are definately compelling people to leave in dia a they see no career option worth their brain here which are taken away by the reserved category. this is making india a lil le intelligent but wen the step are being taken up by the student doctor are not supported by all the student and people who sometime or the other have faced the plight of this issue,how can the thing be rectified.lets join hand via the net to make a stir in the indian society to bring a permanent and viable change gud for all."
"she's very ugly, and dumb. she's just famous for being rich."
child getting disease at a young age.. lower life expectancy rates.. higher health care costs.. le tax revenue (children are paid far le than adults). le job for adults.. international sanctions. etc.
"cofrinho is a brazilian slang to assign the region enters the nádegas(the nádegas correspond to the muscular portion of the back dorsal part of the trunk of the human body. also called back, bunda, bumbum, or same for the name of the muscle that compose them, the glúteos, beyond other popular name and slangs.)"
get a skype call card if u want to talk to a land line. it the cheapest. second is the yahoo call card. best it to talk pc to pc for free
"it would be good to have some vocational visit or maybe you could just volunteer yourself in area of your interest.. . think of that particular carreer and imagine if you could do that even if u didnt get paid, if you say yes, thatd be a perfect carreer for u.. . syat away from math, if you dont like it, itll be like a burden for you."
i'm 37 and still find flatulence to be one of the most amusing thing in the world. i even wrote a rap song about it called fartoon
i don'z know but when u find out can you please mail me the answer??? cheer
"use baby wipe to clean stain on carpet and upholstery. using baby wipe mean that it cost much le than using the wipe made for the job.. . baby wipe have many uses, so even if you have no baby it is worth keeping baby wipes: any sort of stain or light mark that need removal can often be rubbed off with baby wipes!"
"'szechuan' & 'hunan' are just regional designation for food from china, a bit like ""southern cooking"" or ""california cuisine"" might be in the us.. . szechuan is typically characterized by the use of hot peppers, while hunan generally includes shallot & garlic in addition to the spicy peppers.. . mange!"
"according to the newly discovered gosple of judas, that's exactly what happened. according to that book, juda did not betray jesus a all, but merely did what jesus told him to do.. . of course, it's important to keep in mind that juda and jesus are both fictional characters."
"the flu is generally spread the same way the common cold is.when you come in contact with something that the person with the flu ha touched that germ is spread to you.often time people with the flu dont wash their hand after everytime they blow their nose(i know it gross and definately not sanitary),sneeze or cough. anyway,that germ is then on your body.and believe it or not not everyone ha the time or convience of washing their hand before they eat or touch their food or whatever.then that germ come in direct contact with your body and bam! you got the flu.so it a spread of germ is basicly all it is.once that germ come in direct contact with your body,your more than likely going to catch the flu."
"it's not in the dictionary, so i can't help you. use it in a sentence."
"marco polo.... . this most popular of swimming game owes it's name to the venetian explorer of the late 1200s and early 1300s whose travel to china, india and other part of asia helped to introduce the ""mysterious orient"" to western europe.. legend say that marco polo did not know where he wa going when he first set out on his travels- hence the game's name."
"yes, these offender should be ignored, it just make these idiot say something else to hurt or upset someone. just simple click to the left under tat person's id and report abuse, the more we do it, the more will be exempt from this site."
"people want power over you, so they say that an all powerful god tell them what is right and wrong. then they tell you what to do. if you don't obey them, they threaten you with something bad, like a made up hell."
"according to cdc data, only about 3% of 20 year old american male are below 5'4"", but there is no standard a to what constitutes too short. you may be required a certain size for some occupations, but other than that don't worry too much about height."
"well, there's bananas, and they been here a long, long, long time. and somebody boiled milk with sugar a long, long, long time ago and made pudding. but it wa nabisco that had to invent the nilla wafer to hold it all together?"
im white and i dont drink mt dew. it nasty. ill keep my eye open for it though. thanks for the tip.
why not? isn't that the way it's supposed to be?
that is a totally false claim. the link below will take you to a table showing iq by nation. the u is not bottom.
"rastafarian consider the birth of the movement of rastafari to be fixed in ethiopia during the coronation of the prince ra tafari makonnen (haile selassie) on november 2, 1930. according to rastafarians, haile selassie is the 225th descendant of king solomon, son of david, and the queen of sheba. the star of david is the symbol of the linkage between haile selassie and david. further, the rasta consider themselves like the israelite in exile in babylon."
"just how old are you, maybe we could...just kidding. there are specific internet site that will hook you up with travel partners. try to google search the word and you will find them.. . if you give up message me and i will do it for you."
you mean giving a big cheesy smile???. . she ha bubba teeth
whats the poconos? if it mountain i would enjoy just being in the mountain especially towards summer. look at animal don't hunt them.
may be a better place to live without violence...may be without selfish people....may be without poverty.... may be no power shortages...may be no sleepless nights... . you find 'may b' b4r everything i said(above)...coz it is not for granted...but the life we see here is fact...and fact remains..who know if we would stay with our family/friends etc...hence believe in the present world should try to get the change stated to the extent we can..... . :)
"very hard to get legal work here, a you must be doing a job that a turk could not do. and you must be able to speak turkish but in that area tourist tend to be german"
"it sound like you're trying to be a politician. why would you want to tarnish yourself with lie and half truths... the world would be a better place if we all stopped being so selfish and greedy, and just let people like u for who we are... deception get u nowhere... fifteen thousand year of evolution and so many people stil haven't leanred this simple lesson yet. geez!"
this is a tradition of man and not biblical based a the only one who are candidate for baptism are born again believers. the act of baptism cant save any one or wash away original sin a some claim a only the blood of christ can do both.the water birth mentioned in john ch. 3 is in fact our physical birth and not baptism.
"the roman invented the standing army-before that soldiers. would go back to their farm or wherever their home were. after the fighting wa done.once warfare wa developed to. that point in western civilization,there wa no going back to the way thing had been."
"go to the post office, get the form, fill it out, get your passport photos, go back to the post office with everything plus your birth certificate and other required form of id.. . passport photo can be obtained at office max, some post offices, some camera shop for a fee of $10. if you are a aaa member, you can get them done for free at the local office."
"thick slice of cheese, the melt it on sponge cake. brilliant. not the right answer, i know, but i like it."
"legally speaking, first degree rape is premeditated. second degree rape wa not planned. anything lower than that come down to assault, i believe. hope this helps!"
"i think it is because if a person is not happy with their life, they try to make other people life miserable. if a person is happy with their own life, they don't have time to make others miserable and will have a positive attitude toward others."
"mmmm, it's much ruder than that in britain! to 'stuff' is an obscene word for f*%&."
"these people that do that are considered one-uppers, they always have to get their point out there that they either have it better, have it worse, done better, done worse, done more, done less, etc., etc.,etc........... . unfortunately we have all dealt with these kind of people, it is just insecurity, low self-esteem and such.. . best you can do is ignore them and go back to your news, if they persist then leave.. . good luck......................."
"roman 12:1- consequently i entreat you by the compassion of god, brothers, to present your body a sacrifice living, holy, acceptable to god, a sacred service with your power of reason.. to present your body clean or to worship god with clean heart, mind and body mean you can't pollute your body with smoking. god want you to be healthy and clean in body and worship and thats not possible with smoking."
"tell him it's always been a fantasy of yours to see him in that... i find if you say something is a fantasy it change a person's perception of it and are more likely to go through with it... you can get people wearing almost anything that way. once he ha put it on, he might like it... you never know... if not, you will be satisfied that he ha tried it on."
"i know a lot of woman that like beer. but it is true that more guy like it , girl tend to like more fruity drink"
they increase your ldl's (bad cholesterol) and decrease your hdl's (good cholesterol). this is associated with increased risk of heart disease.
give him time to get over what ever it is. then try talking to him again
king henry ii. . becket's allegiance shifted from the court to the church inspiring him to take a stand against his king.
"are you maybe sick? do you need help? i am sure that you are not one thing and that is a jew, and maybe not a human being too, to be attracted to a manic depressant.. . t"
"use transparent glaze of watercolor instead of inks, you can get the color you want without the over coloring of incks on top of your line work. if they then appear dull, go back over your black linework with black ink. this is what i do and it work great but i use process colored watercolor that i got from ""asel art supply in austin"" 512 477-1762...ask for lisa and tell her that rick had you call. ask her if she ha a sample pack of three different watercolor in process type colors, you'll get a blue yellow and red in tubes, from these you can get the color you need."
moulin rouge is a famous french camparet!. (as you can probably see everyone ha copied the wikepidia article!)
"go to the south korean consulate, choose the category and apply for the visa. see it simple."
"keep a lit candle close by to attract the oil and burn them off. the oil in the onion are what irritate our eye and make u cry. when you are slicing an onion, also try to start at the top end (not where the root are)"
"you can't. you can't tell that from anyone man or woman after the first time you meet. you need to get to the ""comfortable"" point in any relationship, friend or more, before someone will actually show their true color"
"the most interesting and influential thinker in the fifth century wa socrates, whose dedication to careful reasoning transformed the entire enterprise. since he sought genuine knowledge rather than mere victory over an opponent, socrates employed the same logical trick developed by the sophist to a new purpose, the pursuit of truth. thus, his willingness to call everything into question and his determination to accept nothing le than an adequate account of the nature of thing make him the first clear exponent of critical philosophy."
"""of"" the vietnam war? the political effects, alone, would cover many book - then the economic cost and destabilization. socially, the country went through pm major!!! there is no way to cover this in a yahoo answer - consider woodstock, summer of love, jane fonda, kent state, every campus being a political stage.. just read the headlines; that should give you some quick idea."
example. russia-usa cold war wa won by america by applying economic sanction and restrictions. where irak's war with all the bombing and fighting ha not been enough to convince iraquies to change to our brand of democracy.
"it is a symbol of wealth. when you plan one seed, it grows to vive us much more seeds."
"they probably don't get hard because they have no moisture content to speak of. since air doesn't freeze, neither do marshmallows."
"he got into a bad argument w/ his girlfriend and stabbed himself in the heart. it wasn't a staged suicide though, he just got caught up in the heat of the moment. elliott wa overwhelmed by his emotions. rip."
"bushmills is from ireland and jack daniel is american - just a different flavour really. bushmills should be served with ice only, whereas jack daniel is good with coke in it."
because they think they are going to heaven and we are all going to hell. personaly south park make hell look fun. i'll see you there.
"b) the allied power formed the league. . in order to keep the world ""in check"" so world war i wouldn't repeat itself (it failed miserable because world war ii happened). the league of nation wa a precursor to the united nation"
it's only a spelling difference really. nothing mroe than that. no one should consider either an offence.
"these german sentence are faulty, but this is what they might look like:. ich koennte mich an deutsch erinnern, aber ich habe seit langem nicht deutsch gesprochen.. and this is the translation:. . i might be able to remember german, but i haven't spoken it for a long time/ since a long time ago."""
it's different for everybody. some people find it earlier in life and some never will.
love and hobby's.*. . set a goal to reach for that will keep you energetic if this doe not work try red bull energy drink:~)
"if you have your fourth anniversary, it is called the silk anniversary. so every gift that involves silk, should do!. maybe silk sheets?"
nothing. anything could happen so being superstitious about one thing mean you're superstitious about everything. anyone could steal a pure anyone could steal a car...
"i know!! if all the people of the world sat down, hit the hookah, we would not have all the war and violence. we would have a world of nonviolent slacker with chronic munchies! :0)"
"tom cruise and katie holmes.. . it's an example of a moniker used in the medium to describe two celebrity who become romantically involved.. . it's also considered a pun, considering tom cruise flew the f-14 tomcat in the movie ""top gun"".. . another example is benniffer (ben affleck and jennifer lopez)."
"if you truly believe in your faith you would leave the movie alone and let others have their entertainment. you fought for the passion so it would be released, let this one do the same. all of your hype is only promoting it more anyways...."
people just don't change over night. just do what make you feel comfortable. maybe you could try going out with a group of friend and meeting new people when out with your friend
"it's all those people that can't think for themselves anymore. it's the medium manipulating people on a very subtle level and since most people are too lazy to even consider these thing they just become robots. well, that's what i think anyway."
"right now i'm incredibly happy and incredibly lucky to have found my incredible babydoll who is the best lover, partner, friend and soul-mate that any guy could dream of!. . other than that my year in california (when i wa 20-27) were awesome because i had everything i wanted (more than most people can imagine) and didn't have to worry about a job or other crap."
how do we identify confidence versus over confidence?. . being confident is saying: i can do it.. . over confident is saying: i'm the best.
because guy dont give a shit. the only thing guy dont like is gay people and only because of the whole...butt sex thing.
what do you want to know exactly? sometimes 1=2!
i go onto yahoo! music and in the search bar i put the band name up and if nothing then wa-hey your band name is free :)
the dark meat of the chicken retains moistness more so than the breast meat. try recipe using leg and thigh instead of breast meat. also leave the skin on when cooking ( you can always remove it later). when barbecuing i marinade chicken thigh 4-24 hour ahead of time(throw away the marinade afterwards to avoid food poisoning.
"by choice. didn't like harming a moving living creature which ha some semblance of self preservation. i know plant to have that, but i've to eat to live, so i chose the lesser of two evils.. . no religion or faith propagates or advocate this form of suicide."
"the worst hotel i have stayed at wa the hilton. first, it's not close to the strip, i guess you could take that new monorail but it take a while and it cost $$.. second, it not very clean and they desperately need to upgrade their sleeping rooms. the casino also sucks--it's small and there are usually very weird people hanging out there. i had to stay there twice for a convention, i would never stay there for pleasure."
how do you know what is on my ceiling??
"it is an old slang term for the sharecropper of the mid-west who said: california or bust. . . it mean if they couldnt get there they would park/camp on the side of the road, grow some lettuce, tomatoes, and bacon, and nestle in the warm softness of thier lady bust."
"hmmmm, is this a trick question?. . anyhow, after getting out of bed in a pair boxers, i paw my way out into the yard, get knocked around and licked by the dawgs, giv'em hugs, breakfast, and fresh water, come back in looking like a wreck, then slowly open my eye in the shower... after making sure the espresso machine doesn't bite, i'll pump some coffee out of it and mix in with some sweetened condensed milk, remember to stir for at least 10 times. it's now time to locate all the remote for the medium center pc, tv, and speakers, and hoping it actually recorded bbc news while i wa slacking away in the night..."
"there are a lot of hot woman here in florida.. . oh and the person who told you to check your ""grammer"", should try the ""check spelling"" option on their answer here and check the grammar on their own questions."
the godparent take on the role of parent should something happen to both of the birth parents. having said that it is more a formality in this day and time. in year past the godparent were always husband and wife and should the birth parent both die they would raise the children. with the complex civil law we have today that role go to other member of the birth parent families.
you cant. creativenessisjust someone a or that they dont. you cant make someone more creative.
"look at the bottom of the screen, click on safety tips, then when that page opens, click on the tip for parents, there it will have a link on how to cancel your page. just follow the step from there"
"yes, you have over baked it!. . try to cut the baking time by 10-15 minute and try to use a lower temperature."
"'after the death of his father, smith saw an apparition, which he believed to be a ghost of the dead man'.. . 'in lourdes, the three young child saw an apparition of the virgin mary'."
"whose? we sweat even when asleep.the body is constantly repairing itself(hair,skin,etc..).we have to remember to clean ourselves thoroughly or the refuse will cause u to smell. peace."
"jealous is very bad because it is telling god that you are ungrateful for what you have. it is also bad because you are given whatever you have for a reason; god ha already decided it's for the best, and you contradict him by coveting thing of others instead of making the best of what you have.. . have a nice day!"
"gaining muscle mass is better than gaining fat. if you can, talk to your dr. or a nutrionalist and decide on a plan of healthy eating and excercise for muscle gain."
"to serve the lord my god with all my heart, my soul, my mind, and strength. to be of a comfort to others and to offer them hope in day that are dark."
"it's a persian name.. . it mean everlasting or eternal soul; also a legendary persian knight, and the name of several ancient (legendary) kings."
"because all the other country are rubbish!!. all the americans, french, germans, argies, aussies, kiwis, scot and all the other jealous wannanbies can kiss my hairy, spotty and damn proud english a$$!!!!!"
"practical:. help other people (takes focus off of you and you get charged by lending a hand). exercise and eat right (taking care of your body and the chemical it produce take care of your mind. read john in the bible...you realize that you are made with a purpose and known by that ""great power"" that most every human think is out there, make me happy to know i'm watched over and given instruction about good way to live and treat others"
"a a devout catholic i can say this. she is going to try and get the 85% to become baptist. in the late 90's the catholic, orthodox and mainline christian church signed a concordat not to evangelize each others member and to go after the unchurched. the baptists, pentecostals, and nodenoms refused to consider signing."
"because airline sometimes have sales, it depends when you want to go.. . currently, bcn-mad one-way look like $47 usd on air europa."
"no, i want to make it to heaven so that is why i'm not gay. i am reading the bible gay people because make me like an outcast. i think people are okay with gay people. and what go around come around he isn't gay because he's my friend and i don't have gay people a friends."
for the purpose of relationship with father god. to glorify him and do his will.
"it give them balance. when the eyelid is down, the mouth is open!"
"try meditation, also seek professional help. you are a shy person. i wa also when i wa young."
the meaning of parakalo is please. . it can be also used a a polite way to pick up the phone or reply to someone (like in the waiter's case)
"it is produced without the use of chemical like pesticides, antibiotic or artificial.. . the food taste better and you don't have to worry about chemicals."
"linda ok il remember ur name.d nxt tme u ask,il answer them. hope to see ya post."
we ask question for the thing we want to know. we get answer because there are so many know-it-all out here and they all think their answer is the right one.
probably partly because white reflects heat. . they probably also help keep sand and dust in the air out
"because people are extremely immature and have nothing better to do with their lives....btw, are you single and free friday night? ;) hehe"
"people rap about what they know. sum of these rapper grew up ether dealing drugs, and seeing it in there community."
first of all you cannot delete question that have been resolved and second of all you lose point if you delete a question or answer.. . p look up the word genealogy. you are in the wrong category.
i will e-mail you the information you need. i don't want to put it in here becuse of to many morons.
"it mean ""smile at your fate"". . it's the title of one of tarkan's songs."
i have the same question. do you mind if i share your answer here?
"please take note that the islamic religion doe not support terrorism in any way. however, the reason most of the terrorist that we know of are muslim is because the middle east is where the most terrorist are currently coming from. since the main religion there is islam, it's just a very negative affect on the rest of the muslims. some people still believe that our own government wa behind the 9/11 attacks."
try asking him in his language to make sure he understood!!good luck!!
i could tell you ....... but then i'd have to kill you !
you either feel them or you do not.. if you do - then walk the path - to become the one.. . what i mean is:. read about it - study it - find others who can do this.. open you mind and soon you will be free.. with this freedom come the thing you are looking for.
"open it and look for fizz... it doesn't ""go bad"" like egg and milk- it just loos it fizz. . susan"
"it can be eaten cold. it ha a thick bread/cakey taste. cinnamon babka is especially good :) it actually probably taste great warm, too."
"start with knowing you don't understand and observe. . too simple, too true"
"self control...i started eating a lot of icecream and even more on the coffee mug...and if you really want to quit then stop drinking suddenly...it will be difficult for the first few day or may be a longer period but then it will be very easy.... . another idea is change your company or stay away from it till you quit compeletly...cutting down wont help...if you are termed a a regular drinker or a tank or soemthing then those who dont drink will also comment ""hey whats happening to you"" so literally stay away from everyone.... . the best thing...it helped me cut down my smoking too...keep chewing some gum...your muscle shoudl rest only while sleeping and the gum should only come out while eating or brushing...and trust me it will work"
"ask them - a lot of restaurant don't mind giving you information like that. they just don't like giving out their recipes, but i'm pretty sure seasoning don't count."
"homosexual are attracted to the same sex, while drag queen dress in women's clothing. also, statistically most drag queen and crossdressers are heterosexuals."
"baloney and banana. not great, but not disgusting, either."
it is not that we chose not to flush our floater it is just that sometimes they don't go down on the first shot. if you flush again most people assume that you took a poo and had 2 flush twice; therefore it is easier to just vacate a quickly a possible (to avoid being seen and branded a a public bathrooom pooer) then sit there for 20 minute trying to flush.
"the name akeelah (the spelling in the movie) or akilah, mean intelligent and one who reasons(in swahili). it is a west african name a well a arabic. i have also been told there wa a queen in africa with this name. i recently wa told there is a japanese show and it is a principal in the boy scouts."
"autolyzed yeast is yeast that ha died and ha begun to go through a process of autolysis, or breaking down. this process allows glutamate to become 'free'; once this free glutamate ha been processed, it can be used a a flavor enhancer."
"off life??? i know that ""what is the meaning of life"" ha been asked on here dozen of times, but ""off life"" is a new one. i suppose it mean someone is existing somewhere other than where life occurs. only a guess, i may be wrong..."
because it is frightening to actually realize the you are in charge of your own existence and not some invisible creature above or below that you can give credit to or place the blame on. after all we are all go(o)d and(d)evil. that is why /
it can be bray uh. or bree uh. or simply bree i would think.
take his hand and lead them to where you want to be touched. ;-)
"king david wa a man after god's own heart and he commited some major sins. however, his sin were (a) not deliberate and most importantly, david wa quick to repent before god over his slip ups."
"poeple beileve in this because they do not see him a the saviour, their heart were harden and choose not to believe a they did not want jesus to threaten their power. the out of people who started about saying that jesus wa stolen, many held high position (the chief priest and elders) and did not want to lose it. these people were filled with greed."
"i am predicting you will have a great future! duis, unemployment, disability. the sky is the limit, baby."
glass of water. spoonful of sugar. and a good scare.
"join clubs, go out, hit up the downtown area some night. if you're at a university, go to some of the event that on going on around campus, you're bound to meet people. hali is a great place to live, lot to do and great people."
"'you left it a bit late' is stating the obvious, so let's move on: list your skill - everything from lawn mowing to tax return - and think of inventive new way to offer them to the community - including the virtual.. . or design a mindblowing poster stating your plight and post it at supermarket - if there are enough romantic francophile out there you i'm sure you'll get your cash toghether. bon chance!"
"author(s). title of book. place of publication: publisher, year of publication."
"not very, which wa a result of my dependence on opioids, but i have started a new therepy (buprenorphine), and i have been sleeping like a dead person. thank you, dead people, for setting an example i could follow. -beaver (rock island, illinois)"
"june, july and august. in the north, it stay warm. in the south it get cool with an obvious season change."
"it mean ""new wave"" in portuguese and it's a musical style that started in brazil during the 50's and lasted until the end of the 60's.. it's also a dance."
"most of r.k. narayan's novel are based a couple of decade in and around the independence era. but that doesn't snatch away the universal appeal and the timelessness one can attach to his stories. so it won't be difficult for the youth to connect to his stories. the frankness,simplicity and his unique way of story-telling would easily grab the readers' attention."
"excellent reminder.. . and it amazes me too (that people turn their back on christ).... . cordially,. john"
"there are always underlying subconscious force that influence your conscious mind. you are simple unaware of them (usually) whilst you are awake. dream bring these subconscious theme to the foreground (i suppose mind-altering tool like drugs, hypnosis, or meditation can do this a well). but how we should interpret dream ha always been a subject of controversy."
"gosh, now that you mention it , it seems to be true, and a far a oriental men are concern... they too have huge tool a white or black men... it is still the same with all other guy ...be it white, black or oriental guys.... all have a different size of the tools... oriental guy most probably are more conservative in their culture and maybe that is why they are missing from the mags.... the oriental guy may be small in size but believe me... they have huge tool too...."
"this is a difficult passage, i too am having problem with it. i think it is referencing the only unforgivable sin, blasphemy...because you know of the truth but you blatantly disregard it. you ignorantly ignore the truth of the word and therefore cannot be accepted. but i could be wrong altogether"
because it make the occassion formal. it's cool to have everyone dressing in the same color (monochromatic).. . what would i wear? a lacy tank with a skirt and heels.
"the gaucher's disease is autosomal recessive. that mean that both parent must have the gene. then, out of four children, one will have the disease, two will be carriers, meraning that they will carry the gene but will not suffer the disease, and the fourth will not have the gene and will be healthy."
what wa your answer? you piqued my curiosity! :-d
"probably air. i love it so much, i can only go about 30 second without it!"
"sorry i usually never answer if i dont have info or a real answer...but....i have to say...me too for this question... love travel and am dreaming of making a living out of my passion.. but how, how, how??. waiting for answer :)"
"squeeze lemons, add water and sugar to taste and stir. enjoy over ice, preferably with a twisted straw! =)"
i learned this in my music class. adolf hitler liked wanger's music alot. maybe that ha something to do with it.
"it is the citation style used by the american psychological association, but is widely accepted in other areas. . . wikipedia can summarize very nicely, and exemplify it usage:"
"don't the earlier you start, the easeier it is to get addicted and become a drunk. making it easier to accedintaly drive drunk get hurt, or hurt someone. i think drinking all together isn't very smart so."
"can you say twilight zone? actually i have experienced that feeling also, but all the explainations i have heard don't sound plausable to me."
"well all i knw is- ""where there is a will there is a way"". just try n be move and more outgoing and one day u will be what u wanna be !!. cheer"
distilled is boiled and collected from the steam while spring come from a source that is natural.. . good luck and god bless!!
"a good question, love is selfless and sex is selfish act. a true lover can never end his sincerity with a dirty game. sex is physiologic need, but love is spiritual need. if any one want to love sincerity is the basic need for it, which is these day a rarity (unfortunately)."
it actually a chemical reaction between at least 2 ingredients. usually bake mix consist of the same .. flour water baking powder.soda. different variation will either get you cake or biscuits.
not all american do. i do not. i loathe and despise christians.
both. it a fruit or soda favored ice drink.
life is miserable because of the necessity of work by alien forces. being an automaton is not anyone's dream.
it's called the jet stream. the plane travel a lot faster in one direction than the other. same thing happens in transcontinent flight in the usa
"yeah… well, they just don’t understand why can’t we think their way. it’s understandable. i mean, if you were so sure in your right, it would be hard to accept why others think differently."
"the term ""libertarian"" implies a rejection of central authority, so i suppose that would be someone who reject all claim of theological authority.. . it sound like freethought to me."
"the film the used (well plate actually) wa so slow, they had to use exposure that were several minute long. it's hard to hold a fake smile for that long. . also, maybe because their life sucked."
amway actually sell a product... so it doesn't really qualify a a 'pyramid' scheme... i have been to an amway recruiting seminar and those folk are very persuasive... they show off the trapping of wealth and tell you how easy it will be for you to get rich and lot of people get hooked... almost like a religious cult.
"because you have intuitively realized that he is not one to brag about the subject he is insightful and knowledgeable about and at the same time you take comfort in knowing that he will not try to b you about a subject, few a they may be, where his experience is limited.. . fire away and hold the sugar. i'm on a diet."
water is diverted from a stream or river to flow over or under a waterwheel and turn the wheel. the axle of the wheel turn and drive the mill stone or other mechanical devices. try this wikipedia page for more info and pictures...
"if you need to do desert like cake, (this will sound weird, but) frost a cardboard box in the size and shape a the cake you want. the icing will harden and you can leave it out for ages. do drink by coloring schleac and adding some of those fish-tank rock that are clear and shaped like ice...(but don't expect to ever be able to use the glass again)"
"i've done it before, and they actually pop lol. i wouldent reccomend it though!"
"i couldn't agree more. black people realize this too. but most will simply say you are ignorant for noticing what need to be noticed, so that black have some motivation not to slip into the ""n"" category."
"the number seven actually mean the number of completion and or perfection...in the the book of gen.god created the earth in seven days.therefore he wa completed,and once he wa completed he saw that it wa ""good"" or perfect. there are several more example to support the number seven."
all the flapping of the angel wing push the heat back downward. and god ha a pretty rockin' a.c. unit.
"i love carbs like cake, pie pudding anything sweet. i tried tapering but would have binges, i finally just had to stop for 1 month, nothing sweet, basically i did the adkins type diet. i unfortunately went back to carbs, though i think it is le controling of me. i live the weight watcher lifestyle and i can have sweet in moderation!"
we all are lazy. it is much more easier to hear from them. generally we dont even realize it is raining outside. we are hiding and need someone to tell u what is happening outside.
sorry..i don't have much time to read your question . but i promise you that i'll read it soon. sorry again
poke the potatoe w/ a fork and wrap w/ foil. place toward the back of the grill. make sure it's the first thing to go in the grill...cook for 30-40mins.
"it wa the first day of the week, the day when christ resurrected. sabbath (saturday) wa previously the last day of the week, the day of rest and then the day after they started to work.. christ resurrected on this first day of the week and christian started celebrating this day - later on it wa proclaimed a the day of rest for all christianity."
"why help you understand the rational behind everything. without ""why"" we wouldnot be able to increase our knowledge and become better in what we do (or want to learn)"
"a glutton. . someone that eats lots, and really enjoys doing so."
your name mean -- well really really hard 2 say & don't know how 2 start. umm.......how about start with 'what is yr name?'
malgudi is the fictitious town created by r.k. narayan in his novel swami and friends. it form the setting for most of narayan's works.narayan portrays malgudi a a microcosm of india.
"the ""mr. rogers"" television show is very good. fred rogers speaks very slowly and explains thing so child can understand."
"it is written:. ""for lo and behold they were seen to hit the road, jack, shaking that thing, with georgia on their mind, and thus were born to lose."""
"it strengthens your muscles. your heart, in particular, need a good workout once in a while. so do the muscle elsewhere in your body."
"nobody need that. the bishop wa obviously abusing his ""power"" and position"
"the term upper-case letter or lower-case letter have been originated from the way that type (i.e., individual letter that were cast from special metal alloy for use in printing) wa stored in the day of hand typesetting. the type wa sorted by letter and kept in specially designed wooden or metal cases, with separate case for capital and small letters. usually the two case were placed one above the other on a rack on the typesetter's desk, with the case containing the capital letter (i.e., the upper case) positioned above that containing the small letter (i.e., the lower case).. . i hope the paragraph above explains the origin of upper-case letter a bit."
the people of surrey have nothing better to do than watch. their saving interest grow and ring premium rate number to have a chance of becoming even richer
the link is the military draft. concentrate on the affect and reaction to conscription into the military and what wa an unpopular war.. . hippie behavior and counterculture behavior valued unstructured behavior military life demanded discipline and structure.
why would someone invite a completely strange person for summer holidays???????
i don't think that globalization cause more *or* le fundamentalism. it's just another perspective on the world.
keep in mind someone raised the people you're talking about. the art of parenting is lost. what you have to do is ensure the future generation ha better thing to think of than obscene lyric and sampled chord blared from speaker at top volume. give them an appreciation for real art and this sad point of our culture will fade away.
"i don't judge people by their tatoos necessarily, but i do think it's a shame to ruin beautiful skin with ink. i repeatedly ask my daughter to never destroy her beautiful skin to become a smurf :) i work with elderly and you should see what those tatoos look like once you age! ugh, talk about ugly..."
"the idea is.... if we understand that everyone is different, with their own background and culture and beliefs... that we should then respect everyone on an individual basis. everyone is different, yay. diversity is supposed to help u not look at people through stereotypes, but whatever."
"she could be in love with you or really upset about something. really, she might be thinking anything...you won't know until you either ask her or tell her that you love her (if you do) and if she say that she love you back, then everything is great."
you don't develop color-blindness. it a genetic condition and is very rare in females.. . eat more carrot
"i know exactly what you mean, do you want to answer some of my questions? they're not all sensible, i think most of them are daft."
"go say hi. then, ask her about something that will get her talking and let her start the conversation."
stop waiting for some quick fix. do some push up take some martial art lesson and go get your hunk of the fricken world! and you ryi-kyo get your skinny arse over here and start suckin!
i believe.... . an herb is an actual plant. a spice is just a powdered form of an herb or a part of an herb.
"i always thought that most of it wa opinion, but a few fact were indeed real. it all depends on how you look at it."
there food especially the jumbo sized portions-super sized extra large fattening burger and chip give you a heart attack if you eat it for year and make you fat and unhealthy. possibly they use the unmentionable from animal in there food and they use all the bit you don't normaly eat also and are cruel to the animal they use so thats why also.
"you may find one but after that first 6 month the honeymoon is over, unless your rich or looking for a barefoot and pregnant type of woman that need plenty of money, bud that's to much child support, find a woman with plenty of kid that way if it don't work well there no child support, think man, or you that hard up!!!!!"
most university library will have copy on microfilm that you should be able to access even a a member of the general public. (just don't go out of your way to mention you're not a current student.) ;)
you can get tap that work either way.. . one of mine wa worn out. very irritating to get the wrong one and install it. it took me week to really get used to it.
"first, you/she have to be in the right airport... ninoy aquino international airport (terminal 1) for international flight or manila domestic airport (old domestic), for domestic flights? because it different, there is also pal centennial airport (terminal 2), for all philippine airline international and domestic flights.... there are designated area for those people waiting, if u still don't see her, just go to the paging counter so they will page her for you."
"hey i am from würzburg i would visit the castle in würzburg and the resident go to the kiliani fest (like october fest just smaller) it is in that time frame, for the night when you like crossover go to the labyrinth and when you´re more into hip hop and techno go to the airport (name of the club) well look around the town. in sommerhausen is not that much to do you can go down to the river and enjoy the few well at that time there should be a lot of vinefest´s too i´m pretty sure you will find something maybe you can tell what you are interested in more sight seeing or the culture having party over here .....etc.etc.etc. . hope that helped"
"if you hate the weather so much, just move...that's what i'm going to do. a soon a i graduate college, i'm out of here! moving up north somewhere! :)"
"just add acouple of potato whole but pealed. it will soakup, the extra spice just like if you add to much salt you do it the samw way. then remove the potato when they are done.hope this helps."
it the essence of any food stuff veg or other item that you wish to make soup of.. boil the veg on slow simmering fire with bouquet garni for a long time then sieve the puree through a fine muslin cloth and serve with a blob of butter on top and garnish with bread croutons. bingo thats tomato soup for you
"some people have the natural charisma to become popular, and then some people ""buy"" their way into becoming popular.. . what is much more important than worrying about being popular is to be true to yourself, because if you try to become popular, but in order to become popular, you have to become someone that you're not, in the end, you only end up miserable.. . if you are true to yourself, you may not be ""popular"" in the broadest sense, but you will attract the people with whom you will relate better, and in the end, you will have an experience you can be proud of."
"due to a report on german tv about a year ago a lot are molded and due to that dangerous for your health. best is to buy packed and controlled bag or tin from one of the major snack companies, they are a lot safer"
"the world is like a stage, & we all r it characters. everybody in this world ha a role to play & after performing our part we will leave this stage(world). that is why we exist!"
"shakespeare used a quill pen and paper, ibsen used a typewriter. i think you should use a word processor. think of three or four characters, have them do something for three or four scenes, throw in a couple of eternal truth and a clever pun now and again, and you've done it."
"midget wa a medical term referring to an extremely short but normally-proportioned person . . dwarfism is a condition in which a person, animal or plant is much below the ordinary size of the specie (denoted disproportionate shortness)"
i just read your answer about what happened in the u from 1862 - 1937. it is apparent you do not understand the english language.
orange - courage and sacrifice. white - peace and truth. green - faith and chivalry. blue buddhist spinning wheel or chakra in center - signifies the spreading of spiritual blessing and well being.
"it is when child are able to interact with other children. they learn to share, play games, carry on conversation with their peers, get along, and learn that all people have to be respected."
psychology is the study of mental process (in both human and animals). psychotherapy is one form of treating mental disorders.
"the first military submarine wa turtle, a hand-powered egg-shaped device designed by american david bushnell, for a single man. it wa the first submarine capable of independent underwater operation and movement, and the first to use screw for propulsion. during the american revolutionary war, turtle tried and failed to sink a british warship, hm eagle in new york harbor on september 7, 1776. it wa operated by sergeant ezra lee."
"it is still very prevalent here is the states. but there are many people who are insecure at the sight of another's rituals. therefore many people feign outrage and force religion indoors. in otherwords, it's there..it's just not in the open a much a it used to be."
"i wa taught the reason is that it look like you are all involved with your food and sending a signal that your fellow diner are le interesting to you than what's on your plate. also if there is not that much room at the table, for instance at a dinner party, you're going to be crowding the people next to you.. if i'm just chowing something at home, i put my elbow wherever, but at a seated dinner with others i watch myself."
im sorry but you need wing and all. (sigh) isn't life tough?!
"i always thought it wa if you had your right ear pierced you were gay... . anyways, 10 year ago or so, that wa a symbol among gay men... kinda like a flag to eachother.. . today it really mean nothing, and i think people that get hung up about it are really annoying. :)"
regret is you wish you hadn't done something. remorse is that you feel sad or guitly that you did it.
"i think you meant ""fait accompli"", which mean that something wa done, achieved. usually it is used to say that you put somebody in front of a situation, which is already complete/achieved and in front of which they can't do anything (they are powerless.)"
get a few video on ti chi. then after practicing a while find a master to help correct your form. no equipment necessary.
i searched the site below and it came up with no matches. probably not even a word!
he wa put into a basket to avoid being killed. pharaoh had decreed that all male under 2 should be put to death.
ok... get twelve pint of beer..drink 10.pints..look at the remaining two pints..you will either see four pint or just one. if you see four drink three...in both case you will be left with one pint...easy aint it !!
"i never heard of sherewar, but i have heard of shareware. it is software that you can use then if u like it, pay for it."
"it's a cultural and political-societal thing. toilet and certain procedure require the infrastructure (plumbing, treatment plants...) before they can take off. and since some of the place that you are alluding to do not have the needed basic resource to start going in a manner in which we would deem civilized, they do whatever is the best option presented to them."
"according to mahabharata queen ""sudheshna"" is the sister of kichaka and the wife of king virata (in whose kingdom the pandavas stayed in disguise, that's called virata parva.), that is the description of the character sudheshna.. . and the meaning of the name can be something like one who is made of sudha or amrit ( amrit mean the heavenly water which make one immortal)."
do you have a coffee maker? or is it instant coffee? that make a huge difference!
"that is a basic animal instinct of survival and perpetuation of the species. the female of the specie will always be more attracted to the winner, the more dominant, the strongest, the most attractive, etc. male because that male is more likely to produce strong, intelligent, attractive offspring."
"that will be the cone with the 'cadbury's flake' in it. i don't know, but i think you're wasting you're time on here a 95% of the people here are american.. p.s. i'm english & know what you're talking about.. p.s.s. i used to eat them in the 1960's."
you have 3 answer to this same question that you already posted. look at it.
"because america girl can wear what they ""choose"" to wear! they are pleasing themselves."
"so they can be christian without a guilty conscience. let not forget the holocaust ted bundy jack the ripper charles manson jeff dahmer jim jones witchtrials inquisition crusade the albegensian heresy the war in africa asia and india, south american murders, harassing of gay pagan people dying of aid cancer brainwashing child into christian zombie without caring about whats best for the child. and yes the kkk and nazi are christian people dont like saying it because it taint thier already blood filled religion."
"because today's child are not made to listen.. . parent today are limited in what they are allowed to do to discipline their children(and i don't mean corporal punishment) we've got dr's and educator and religious leader and so on that worry about the child's phychie not being damaged that they aren't worried about the child learning limitation and reality. that this world is not here for their pleasure, they don't always get what they want and that there are thing that they can't do or have."
"when i wa ten i wa assaulted by a man who later went to prison for abusing his children.. forty year later he is an old man who still go to my mum's church and sometimes i see him there, i sometimes wonder if i should go and say something to him, or maybe tell my mum who is now eighty year old, that he did this terrible thing to me when i wa a child.. i think it will go with me to my grave and i will let god be his judge."
"if you believe that god created u in some shape of form and created this existence that we all share in, then you cannot help but admire the greatness of the creation and therefore god. with the amazing experience of life and the fraility of our existence the lenghts and height human will go to continue trying to live are pretty amazing. trying to look at the whole picture is a pretty daunting process at best. if this came from god, then god must be great indeed."
"klm is pretty good, however the last time i flew with them wa 1992. my parent sent me to europe for my grad present"
because they are simpler and never sold with any defects. american car have more part and arent always checked for defects.
i know excatly what u mean i think it like u dont like it but u do? it is a great song i hope this answer asnwered your question! pick me a best thanks.
"ur friend wont shout a movie ""at"" u. they will shout u ""2"" the movies. a shout mean i pay for u, ie. shout u a drink, mean i will pay for a drink 4 u."
"i'd go somewhere else, i hate crowd and waiting. ;~)"
"for year now spelling ha taken a back seat to being able to color in and recoginize the appropriate circle to be blackened on a standardized test - this doesn't promote correct spelling just the recognition of it (i have teacher parent and they are frustrated too). also, this forum is world wide and some have not fully mastered the english language and it many quirk so those of u who have must be patient with them a they try to put their question across the best they can."
"if it's the same percentage of alcohol, and if you drink the same volume over identical period of time, you'll be just a drunk either way. sa doe tend to have more alcy in it, compared to crap like carlings, so would get you more pissed than that."
at the end of the day starting with rosh hashana.. the book of life is open.. at the end the book is closed.. during the time in between you can do stuff like make resolutions. or maybe try to change yourself to be better.. it's like the jewish new year.. i don't know much but this is what i remember.. well and i think it's yom kippur...
"penn station is on 31st and 7th. go out and walk from 7th avenue to 5th avenue, then head north to about 50th street and you'll see the beautiful cathedral."
"actually, while the attrocity wa certainly horrific, it should be noted that there wa a fairly successful effort on the part of foreign official on the scene that saved some chinese people from the slaughter and sent them to at least temporary safety. this wa in large part because the unofficial leader wa an official of the german government, and the japanese soldier would respect his swastika on his uniform (japan wa not yet part of the axis, but wa part of the german led anti-commintern pact).. . and yes, the action wa truly horrific, to the point that afterwards, many of the japanese (no, not all) were so horrified with what they had done that many simply could not eat or take care of themselves and eventually died (this is not for sympathy, so please don't yell at me).. . on another topic (because i can't im you): versailles treaty - please remember that the united state ended up signing a separate peace with germany in 1919 because the senate would not ratify versailles."
"pronounce is a ""or derves"". that would be a short e in the beginning of derves and a silent e on the end.. . my husband make it easy and just call them ""horse ovaries"". lol"
you are satan. you do the work of satan. you speak satan. i bid thee good day satan.
"chin mean to seize or trap, na mean to lock or break. also chin na is a chinese term describing joint-manipulation technique for self defense used in the chinese martial art so i don't think china mean the same thing cause chin na is a chinese term."
"there is no defense!. . love come when you least expect it.. it is a many splendored thing.. love can fly in under the radar and through any force field the borg can concoct.. it is the most powerful force in the world, between the right people.. resistance is futile, and i will happily be assimilated!"
no they shouldnt.. our government right now is very confuseing... they want to spread there style of government throughout the world ... but they dont seem to be able to make it work here. perhaps you could talk to a school counselor maybe something could be done to help the student in your school understand that many american are hispanic.
you try thing out. you have to be brave and get out there.. . if you don't like it. just go home and try something else tomorrow.
"of the 7 sin god hates, pride is number one. we can't boast of our sin and expect to be forgiven of it."
check with the red cross. you can find out about what hospital have them and what the age limit is.
"u think that it is an unwonted, at least by me, reflex. your eye are connected to your nose (that is why when you cry some tear go through the nose) and when your brain tell your eye to close, to protect them from the sun, the same message go to the nose which sneeze a it can do nothing else."
if you put the pasta in the water first it mean it soaking for too long and go soggy. add it to boiling water mean it cook quicker and you get the perfect al dente pasta.
"it's orang utans, not orangutangs. . they built some kind of simple shelter made of leaf and small tree branch on top of a big and tall tree and live there a family"
just pick up your phone.... our country code is: 0082 then im assuming you actually have somebody to call... therefore just dial the rest of their number.. if they have a cellphone dont put the first 0 after 0082.
"poor richard's almanack (the original, correct spelling) wa a small booklet published by benjamin franklin around the 1730s. the whole thing is no more than 70 or 80 page long an contains pithy and witty saying collected, compiled, and made up by franklin. saying include ""early to bed and early to rise make a man healthy, wealthy, and wise."" and ""there are no gain without pains."""
"because, deep within your heart, you still want to trust that person no-matter how your mind denies that desire. let-go is always the most difficult task, take it slow and, be gentle with yourself."
"well, i am not rude, i treat others how they like to be treated. i am a very sensitive person who feeling get hurt too easily so i assume everyone is the same a i, though i know they are not."
"yes, she is still active. check out her official site for news."
"grace is sufficient(no law req'd).. . the ""grace"" of our lord jesus christ with you all. amen."
very simple!. dial 0030 + area code + tellephone number!
it basically cheating.when you just go on writing reply that have nothing to do with the question just for the purpose of winning 2 point ...thats when you are gaming for points.. if you care to look around you will actually find people simply writing 2 point in the place of an answer.. now...to someone who ha asked a serious question....its so very wrong to do that.... but believe me....some question are so idiotic...you feel compelled to do that.
"i think mood have to do with one's personal state of being regardless of external stimulus while emotion tend to be reactive expression caused or response to stimuli.. . i can be in a mood, for example, even if everyone else is happy but when i am told a really good joke, i feel better... which is my emotion."
"i took it,sorry though for the inconvenience>. if you wish to have it back it'll cost you, ummm let's see.......??????"
they are fighting a holy war. to them they are killing those that cannot be converted to the muslim religion. they are following a fanatical interpretation of the koran. all these terrorist must be stopped and soon and with whatever means.
"there are many theist in this world, some are atheist (non believer or those who internalise their devine being). some are monotheist like christians. some are polytheist like pagans, druids, witches, rosicrucians, freemasons, knight templar etc. and finally apart from these you have agnostics, those who not yet have found which path they wish to tread."
depends on the woman. faking it is just something u woman do to make the men feel like they have accomplished something. my boyfriend say that he would much rather feel like he need to try harder next time then be lied to.
"confidence is the first criterion to impress the interviewer(make sure it's not over confidence.no interviewer like to be proven wrong at each question,if you let him ask any,that is). a nice sweet smile will surely be a plus point.. be prepared with answer to popular questions.. stammering,biting your nails,etc. are definitely a no-no.. last but not the least,be positive.. all the best."
"beauty is in the eye of the beholder.. . still, i am flattered; thank you."
"cotton is not made; it is a plant which grows in warmer part of the world. cotton plant have yellowish pink flower which bloom very briefly. the seed bearing part of the plant is known a the boll and it is this which is picked to make cotton. for thousand of year cotton ha been harvested, cleaned, spun, woven, bleached and dyed to make an astonishing variety of different items."
a little bit of knowledge is a dangerous thing. tolerance lead to understanding. understanding lead to wisdom. you must choose to be ignorant or wise.
"grammar refers to the structure of a language: the part of speech and their functions, their relationship to each other, word order in sentences, the part of a sentence and how they are put together, e.g., subject, predicate, objects, etc. mechanic refers to the convention of written language: punctuation, capitalization, spelling, etc."
"it spanish and mean a many said ""high view"". . good luck :)"
"i can't remember the exact conversion, but it is something like 2 tablespoon of chopped fresh is equivalent to 1 teaspoon of dried, because the dried is so much more concentrated in flavor. thats a 6 fresh to 1 dried ratio... food network's website ha some good resources, and i bet you could find something more definative there. :-)"
put your tongue on the roof of your mouth. hold it there until the feeling go away. work almost instantly!
"i've noticed they don't teach logic class or ever use the word ""fallacy"" any time during sunday school.. . though i did pick up a tract today ""disproving"" the da vinci code. it wa actually very convincing, but it wa sort of like a book explaining why santa claus's sleigh ha to be red and why he can only use flying reindeer a opposed to flying horses."
a a beverage? no reason not to have it before nor after.
if your in uk you put 00353 in front and take off the 0 at the start of the number. if your in ireland you take the 0 off again but put in 0044
"this a simple but often time complicated question. a a follower of jesus christ, i believe, the world wa created in seven days... my resource is the holy bible and the first book of the old testament, genesis, chapter 1 thru chapter 2 verse 3. if you speak to a non-believer or consult a book, other then the bible, then you might read about the big bang theory and other secular (non-theology) views. it's up to you to decide which is the truth."
i have been falling down make a complete fool of myself high. but i have never been close to high enough to vote for george w. bush.
"not completely sure...people can get away with making racist, classist, homophobic comment on the internet, since it's not a visual interface. it's actually very cowardly - people can express how they really feel on the internet because they're too afraid to do it in real life.. . also, i think there are alot of 14-year-old suburban white kid on here who don't have enough to do after school."
"hell, why not?. . i can give you example of when it isn't: when it's pink and flashy."
"starting from the bottom of the brinkman smoker, add charcoal,( next pan is for moisture,) add hot water to this, when coal are hot, add soaked wood chip per hr. to them, this cause the ""smoking"" effect, your meat should have a rub on it or be soaked in salt water the night before,lots of recipe on the net for this, put on top grates, moisten with a mop or a sauce every half hr. cook about one hr. per lb."
"easy. my alarm clock.. . it only bother you, but you need it every day."
"hah, people are dumb. way to go, dude.. . the answer is: because there is no god, it's just a concept. evil doe not exist, it's what you create."
"set your watch ahead by five minutes. plus plan in advance the time it take to get ready and travel to where-ever it is you need to be, add about twenty minute to this time. something unexpected always happens, and the extra time will act a a buffer for this."
"the us of light and dark to achieve a heightened illusion of depth.. . it's the visual effect of light on a 3d curved surface (like an apple, ball, etc.)"
"desire. what we desire determines our consciousness, and that state of consciousness creates our material existence - a a human, a pig, a dog or a worm..."
"because they have not accepted jesus a their saviour. it ha nothing to do god not loving them, god love everyone and desire everyone to be in his glory."
"because satan wa thrown down. since we have no way of knowing from were exactly, we presume heaven is up and hell is down. also the cloud and sky are often associated with heaven, and the bible say god watch over us."
"it is latin for ""lips"", and denotes female genitalia: labium majora and labium minora. a if you didn't already know it !!!"
"a lot of the time student who sit in the front pay more attetion and do not get in trouble a much because the teacher is there to watch them. student in the back usually talk,pass notes, or get low grade because they don't pay attention. this could be because they feel no one is there to catch them unlike the student in the front row"
"a call liquor is the cheaper brand of alcohol (eg: gin, whiskey scotch, tequila, vodka, etc) that are served when you order your drink without brand name. a call liquor is a better grade of alcohol ordered by brand name like jose cuervo, absolute, etc."
"one who delivers, especially from sin.. . . see savior: holman bible dictionary"
necessary. not all are good and some are evil.
"1 stop priortizing religion.. 2. value human considerations. 3 direct energy to positive , constuctive compassionate objectives."
"because. . just like me, they long to be close to you"
"because without it they wouldn't be alive. it is necessary for plant and animal to live. there wouldn't be rain, and oceans, and lake without it. there are thousand of reason for why people worship water, because it's water!"
because he is a bully. piss him off and he flood the place....quite reactionary........ . i say let go string him up.
"ego. they believed that theirs wa the only kingdom worthy of note and so, signed with ""i the king/queen"" thinking that wa all that needed to be said."
"just coincidence, well thats english not all other languages,god ha other name too in different language all over the world.and in those language god name even from backward doesnt spell dog!!!."
start by shopping for a rtw ticket. better to pick one area at a time
hit the report abuse link everytime you see it. with enough complaint they will remove her from ya
"if you dip them in lemon juice they won't turn brown. learned this many year ago when used to make a dessert called, banana split, but not made with ice cream. shake them well to get excess juice off and it will not put any lemon flavor in your recipe."
this question make me think of all those people sitting their half-scorched wondering if their glass is half-empty or half full. and the essence of the question fly over their heads. so i try not to think in glass measures.
"gregory ix wa named pope.. . it is argued that he represented both the high point and beginning of the decline of the papacy. he immediately confronted frederick ii, which resulted in frederick's open claim of sovereignty over rome, and a few year later instituted the papal inquisition, both of which decision proved to result in the long term alienation of the public from the church, making way for the success of the protestant reformation."
because moral seem to have fallen by the wayside. self gratification seems all important. nothing seems to mean anything by today's standards. and the instant falling in and out of love seems to be the order of the day.. perhaps you've also noticed the question regarding utmost sexual pleasures.
"if you put your vege on paper towel or a glass or microwave container, it won't spark. microwave need to 'flow' freely, so if you just put it by itself it will burn and spark will fly a there's no 'cushion' to insulate the waves."
"your body will be resurrected anyway, so there is no difference to me. i'm a christian."
"the law of karma is basically 'what go around come around' - if you put negative energy out into the world (by being cruel, or selfish, being deliberately unkind or careless) then it will come right back at you. the good thing is, it work the same way for putting positive energy out there - you get that back, too."
"to answer both questions, a tassel need to be at or near the top so it can polinate the silk, or female, part of the corn. if the tassel were otherwise located, pollination would become difficult or non-existent, resulting in it extinction of a very fine vegetable. not being corny here, but here's to the tassel!"
"they actually pan broil/sear their steak (filet, ribeye, ny strip, porterhouse, and t-bone) with butter at 1800 degree in a special proprietry broiler. they use really thick cut so they don't dry out under the intense heat, and the only seasoning they use is salt and pepper. we have a couple here in phoenix and i've eaten there on a few occasions. it is definitely one of a kind."
"well, the first thing to do is come for a visit and see if you like it.. actually immigrating? well, i would ask why. if you are concerned abt length of stay, then you can go to the immigration office in bkk and ask questions- - i believe that most western nation are given a 30 day tourist visa on arrival.. but check first.. then you can figure it out from there. there are organized bus tour to the border on a daily basis for people whose visa is set to expire - - they cross the border then come back in - they get another 30 days.. good luck"
"loyalty to the forefather of this country and what it meant when they fought for freedom and liberty. the declaration of independence - which clearly bush is abusing and seeking absolute power, a nation is by the people and for the people. seems it is now being run by corporation and the government doe their beckoning because they are the highest contributor to their campaign $$$...we need to be for the people again!! patriotism is what the country wa founded on...we are losing that...when we forget what it wa all for..."
bill gate is not selfish. he is very rich but not selfish at all. be optimistic!
high note do sound like screaming...lol sorry to break it to you...hehehe. don't be so conscious of what it sound like if you're hitting the right note that's all that matters.get the second opinion of someone who ha heard you (singing teacher preferably) and take their word for it.
"yeah, you're totally right, i had never even thought of it that way. if man wa content, he would not stealor cheat, or anything immoral."
you should never say those words..where did you hear them? stay away from luxons.
"simply because they're stupid and ha no breeding.. kick her ass!.. besides, you are not in this world to live up their expectations, right?.."
because they trust everyone easily. they fails to understand the practicallity of this modern era. a soon a they learnt after suffering too much...they started thinking that this place is not for the people like them....
"religion is fantasy and unless you cut out the reality you cannot fantasize. it like closing your eye to the trouble around you and seek comfort in god, basically what you are doing is to try and communicate to your inner self which is a pure and a wonderful a god"
"why did the whole world of animal full of emotion and will to live have to be killed in the first place???. . puleeeese spare u the ""animals don't have a soul"" rhetoric and the ""well animal are not human"" crap, and all sort of run around chatter that ignores the moral righteousness of the matter!"
"it's just the machine being stupid. the thing that work are: rub the coin against the edge of the machine to rough it up abit, or someone told me that if you make the coin slightly wet it won't get rejected!! let me know if it works!!"
"macerate. [ mas-uh-rayt ] to soak a food (usually fruit) in a liquid in order to infuse it with the liquid's flavor. a spirit such a brandy, rum or a liqueur is usually the macerating liquid. see also marinate."
a secret indictment is a criminal charge that is being kept secret until such time a is appropriate to release it. it is a formal criminal charge issued by a grand jury that ha legal authority to charge a person with a crime. the may be a number of reason to keep the indictment secret for a time but one major one is that the grand jury is a body of people who have the legal power to investigate criminal activity and it may have a continuing investigation that last a year before the indictment are released.
"u make sure u have a valid passport, u go a travel agency and ask what do u need to prepare for ur stay and buying also the ticket. they will guide u how to go on."
because he exposed the brutality of the soviet regime while he still lived in russia. he eventually had to leave and go into exile.
"hell yes! what to do afterward, is to put some vanilla extract in the stove ( about 15 drops) and it will overpwr that fresh cut lawn smell."
"to get to the other side, because you know the chicken talked to it friend earlier ,, that fiend called the chicken to warn her that some people are after her to cook her and eat her, and that they have to talk about more details... anyway, so the chicken and it friend where supposed to meet on the west side of the road, but because the chicken wa so nervous when she heard the news, she forgot what side she wa supposed to be waiting on, so she waited on the east side of the road.. the chicken waited and waited and waited, for the friend to show up, but it didn't show up, and she thought to her self ""oh god, what am i gonna do, what if they heard myfriend warn me so they did something to her"".... so the chicken thoguht,, should i cross the road or stay here,, till she heard the friend call ""hey chicken, i'm here, u'll need to cross the road"" so the chicken did cross he road, but,,,, to it surprise, there were a lot of camera on the other side,, and appearently the whole thing wa to be recorded for the candid camera,,, and they laughed reallllly hard, and the chicken wa relieved... no one wa actually after her. . that's why the chicken crossed the road"
"while there are american people that heat or hate all muslims, most don't. making that generalization is the same a saying that all muslim are terrorists. it implies racism at worst and ignorance at the least."
"the rising sun. hence the name ""land of the rising sun"" =)"
because the book don't follow their exact dogma. see the many early writing that were omitted from the bible below.
dry ice. most place who sell ice cream know how to ship it.
"beef heart is rather tough so you should boil it in water with some salt and spice until it tender (about 2 hours). i serve it with mayo+lemon juice+garlic, all mixed together"
"because some people blatently can't drive, and it's annoying when people are all over the place and clearly shouldn't have a license. so if people are more aggressive, then so be it!"
"because upstairs water is higher up and therefore more pure a it ha more aeons.. . it is also near the bath, the steam help to stimulate the flow and improve quality.. . your toothbrush act a a filter, filtering out any impurity in the water which ha already, infact, been made more pure due to other substances."
"it will never happen because most woman can't dunk a basketball. that's why and most woman can't fill a court if their life depended on it. in short, wnba suck and it will die out hopefully soon."
i have a normal old american accent. irish and scottish accent are sexy.
"most community have community theatres. see if you can piggyback off them so you don't have to start from scratch. or if you want to do it on your own, check out the link below."
they don't but it comfort some people and annoys others when they preach. like a giant big safety blanket that never get thrown away even after it ripped to pieces. the original religion are better in my opinion.
"moses, is a real jewish, saint only appera in catholic religion, because in the bible say: you shall ot make for yourself an image in the form of anything in heaven above or on the earth beneath or in the water below. you shall not bow or worship them!...thais is why we must never kneel before anything or any else!"
use a big tupperware container to put it all in. i did that for the 11 year old class and it worked just spiffy.
i actually have no clue... i think it kinda stupid cause if the bridge wa to collapse so would the houses... to answer your question i think they did it cause they ran out of room on the groound... sorry if this doesnt help you...!!!. kirsty
"define your position legally and build a strong plan of action based in law. decide what you want to happen and make sure the law and administration in your situation support you. for example, if this is a problem with your co-worker, go to the hr department. if your business is smaller, you may need to seek help from a government agency."
"aa stretch of road 5 mile out of amsterdam where street walker can go and be relatively safe, a it is looked after by the police. the car drive in, pick a girl out of a line, and park in a private stall to conduct business."
"""to be or not be"" is a very popular quotation that wa first used by hamlet. it is now used when one is openly undecided about how to go about dealing a particularly situation that may cause one to choose between doing the right thing or doing what you know is immoral. i also think that it what most people in relationship unconsciously think about."
"surely it more to do with the effectiveness of the pill. in britain you can take it upto 72 hour later, but if you wait that long it only 50% a likely to prevent pregnancy than if you take it straight away.. . i think it more to do with the fact that the longer you leave it, the more likely it is that the embryo will have planted itself in the uterine lining, and that the body will have signalled the release of progesterone - the pregnancy hormone. after this time, you are pregnant, and only a much stronger pill that will cuase contraction of the unterus to dispell the embryo, will work."
black what...? if you are referring to human being please say people.....and not all black people yell racial profiling...i have an irish accent and i get racially profiled every time i say something in public but i gave up yelling about it year ago because some people are just ignorant.
"my mother spread the word of the gospel to any and everyone-even if they want to hear it.... she say you never know who might be touched by what she's saying, so thats what keep her motivated to keep sreading the word... i would just do the same... start with your friend and family and continue to teach them what u learn and who know where it could take you... it's a start..."
percy is self centered however he doe love his family from the bottom of his heart. he will not rub against the family and the ministry both. co if the ministry find out he will get fired from his job so he doesn't risk it. also his family put the order before his own priorities.
"me, myself and i, please allow me to have a good day. thanks, me"
"!~ i don't have a morning prayer....but every morning after i wake up... i say ""its a brand new day, and my life is good, i love it"" ...and well my day urn out good ~! (^_^)"
have you ever had a conversation with yourself?. you ask and your alter ego answers.
"it mean ""hey! i'm a bigot and a redneck and i find it funny to tell stupid joke that i can't even spell!"""
"most of the spelling difference are the result of noah webster's dictionary in the very early 19th century. he actually proposed a rather sweeping spelling reform, but only a few modest change caught on in the united states: honor from honour, theater from theatre, etc."
"before science wa discovered people wanted to know how thing came to exist. so they made up story & such. then, when science wa discovered & many of the thing about religion were proven wrong, people were so devoted to religion that they chose to close their eye from the truth."
"a ""panamanian"" is someone who resides in (or is from) panama, a country in central america. but, since you spell it with an extra n before the m, maybe it mean something else."
"you need to pick a diet and stick with it. result will not happen over night. in fact, you may not see result for week or months, but by eating healthier, you are helping to improve your overall health although you may not be shedding pounds."
"for the same reason renaissance wa significant in general: turning attention from god to human. in the philosophy of renaissance, the question of subject wa raised. two big philosophical school of thinking grew within a new spirit of humanism: the empirism, claiming that there is nothing in mind what wa not in sens before, and rationalism, claiming that we should find the stable maintenance in our ratio before we start coping with the external world. the famous empiricists, mostly originating from england, were john locke, david hume, george berkeley and thomas hobbes, while the most significant rationalist were rene descartes, leibniz and baruch de spinoza."
"crap, unpredictable. uk weather is awful in general. though i quite like cold. however, for the last few day it been baking hot :):):):) at last!"
"definitely invisibility. villain because of course, they have more fun!"
"search in google for the telecom company website and use their dirctory enquiry facility to get phone number and address.at leat you should know his full name.. additionally you can search for the election commission website and locate his name in the voter list.this give you only broad possibilities,like it will give address of all people with same name.. if your person is a user of the web,which he is most likely to be,search for his name directly.he might have registered in job websites,contibuted letter to publication and comment to article or registered in job websites.also you can think of batchmate and alumnus websites,the educational institution alumnus services.try these and write about your experience.i can think of fine-tuning or broadening the possibilities."
the best thing to do is find a friend that know the language and speak it constantly. practice make perfect.
it's either an island in the caribbean or a triangle where cow disappear!!!
"we know that the quran ha only one meaning and way. god ha given u proof in it, and ha promised that it will never change.. i have seen alot of example of what you are speaking, and fondly remember reading the quran myself for the first time.. we all have our reason of converting, but most reason usually have pretty much the same tone to them."
"usually they know there parent and there own name a well a able to talk, though imaturely because it's in their long term memory meaning stuff they've known from childhood. other time they will talk perfectly and know what they had for breakfast but won't know there own parent's because they don't remember seeing them, or hearing them. nor there name because no on had called them that or they had not cared enough to remember it slightly. it's all about the placement in short or long term memory and what part is damaged"
"i think that if people did lighten up and stop trying to spread the gospel (instead tried to live a an example to it) then the world would be a better place. every time i try to smile here someone shuts it by shoving god down my throat. i love god, god love me, end of.. . now we've got that out the way, let's all smile and get drunk on the fermented grape that the lord ha given us!"
"you can try contacting the major travel web site and attempting to get a job like the one you describe.. you can also start visiting various hotel and property and write your own review and descriptions. you can post these on your own blog or web site, and try to get magazine and web site to purchase your stories. good luck!"
"actually, yes, they are.. jesus christ performed such miracle during his ministry. doe it make sense that he would stop doing them now?"
a supplier of milk. . ...if one ha to pee stand behind it...it will make for funny moment for your friend at your expense
how can idiot like you make statement like this? by the way i am an american christian... you are an idiot!!!!!!
"no difference in the measurement, just the instrument. . . however, say you needed to do one cup of butter, it would matter if it wa 1 cup liquid v 1 cup solid."
look u are distorting what is there in islam... u are misinterpretting. if u take exerpts in this way ur gonna get a picture of the pure evil. read properly buddy... there is not a single thing in islam that is wrong or not scientific. try sending ur question to the islamic research foundation.
"i remember in the 70's they tried to introduce it to u at school. it just hasn't stuck a a system, i don't know why."
"life saver were invented in 1912 by clarence crane, a cleveland chocolate maker who wanted a sweet product that wouldn't melt in the summer heat. he decided on a peppermint hard candy in the shape of a circle with a hole in the middle. since the mint looked like miniature life preservers, he called them life saver and registered the trademark."
about a million study have been done on this topic... and it come down to where you a a mother would be happiest. if you had the choice..what would you do? work and family or primarily family. your kid will be well adjusted if you are.
"derived from the dakota word ""shahiyena"" meaning ""unintelligible speakers"". this is the name of a native american people who lived on the great plains."
"tarian is wale and it mean ""shield"". it is used a a female name!"
dude that's a text book full of info you just asked for there... no human can answer that question well in the space provided...can you narrow the scope of your question a bit. there's two world war and the great depression in that time span.
compare eye with private part of a female. it look like a cunt. that mean mf
"deep breathing. try to listen to the sound of your heartbeat and imagine slowing it down. it's kind of a meditative thing, but it really work with a little practice."
"if he treat you like no man before him has, when he love spending time with you a much a you love spending time with him. when he ha told you all his deepest secret ( you know the one that shock you) when you meet his family and or closest friends. when he can look you straight in the eye and can say i love you and you can truly feel it. ( passion in his eyes)"
"you can't, puerto rico ha it own yellow and white pages. do a search online under puerto rico yellow pages."
"the common people ovned often nothing more then a pair of clothes, and they were all from france. the rich lord and king had silk, herbs, and spices, and those came from china/asia."
"i think the legal drinking age is 25. im not sure if thats a myth floating around, though. anyway, the law arent really enforced - i started drinking wine when i wa 12, and hard alcohol when i wa 15!"
i have never heard your voice . sorry i couldn't answer that question.
"the beginning of all the good broadway show and the winter season for fall foliage trip and if it snows, it'll be skiing season. upstate ny is beautiful a. that time of year."
"girl , who know people other than u but, stupid stuff on the internet like the next person who answer this ? ."
just ordinary border between countrie that you can find the on all maps!. they call them political frontier in official!
we protect and serve. we vow to protect from all enemy foriegn and domestic and to uphold the constitution of the united states.
the meaning of life is to work sleep love the people your with and be happy if your not there is no meaning to life your just alive. peroid...
"man usually try to dominate nature out of fear of being eaten by it. despite some graphic loss to ol' mother nature, human seems to be winning most of the round so far. we have highly refined science and social structure but our caveman brain are still afraid of getting eaten by some big nasty with big claw and teeth and so the domination continues."
"depending on the garbage your evolved disgust mechanism is activated. an uncomplicated defense against ingesting toxin that ha been co-opted to other us in modern life, such a being able to show disgust at someone behavior. i think you social science people need to keep abreast of what is happening in science."
because that is what it is. they use it for fertilizer.
"when dancing you must follow your heart a in the true artist form, deep within you, you know your own answer. it is something we carry at all times, our own truth- our own answers."
co it bleeding well aint just eat it and shut it!!!
"call qantas and ask how much you would be charged per kilo for excess luggage, those airline rate can kill you. potentially hundred of dollars. shipping will take several week but it may be cheaper, avoid fed ex and go with australia post who will pas it on to the usps for the cheapest rate."
"it's darling but really old-fashioned. nowadays you would say ""liebling"" rather than ""liebchen""."
"montenegro mean ""black mountain"" in venetian. if you're referring to the republic of montenegro, montenegro is a translation of the local name (in serbian) of crna gora (црна гора in cyrillic)."
jack daniel is the alltime best. if you're a hardcore drinker.. blue label johnnie walker.. if you like it le hard. then black label is average..
the thing i saw in war. sometimes it make me breakdown. but i would do it again just for my friend i lost.
"desi (pronounced ˈd̪e:si or ˈd̪e:ʃi, and alternatively spelled deshi), is a term used by south asian to refer to themselves (in a manner that avoids any allusion to the specific state of origin and pointing to a common broader identity). this is also the name of the subculture found amongst the south asian diaspora (see indian diaspora).. . south asia (the indian subcontinent) refers to india, pakistan, bangladesh, but the diaspora spread throughout the world, with large community in fiji, trinidad and tobago, mauritius, south africa, the arabian gulf, guyana, suriname, the united state of america, canada, the united kingdom, and many other places."
"zionism is a political movement and ideology that support a homeland for the jewish people in the land of israel, where the jewish nation originated over 3200 year ago and where jewish kingdom and self-governing state existed at various time in history. while zionism is based in part upon religious tradition linking the jewish people to the land of israel, the modern movement wa originally secular, beginning largely a a response to rampant antisemitism in europe and the muslim world during the 19th century."
"i have been to bonaire, aruba and curasal and the stuff is everywhere. the dutch are awful administrators, the island are loosely run and have been for years..."
"no no no no no no no no no no. just forget it,your going to hurt yourself asking question like that."
"i have listened to thier veiws (as i have with other religions) and i must say it make a lot of sense. obviously you were told fact that were untrue or told by someone who really doesn't know everthing they're talking about. i am not a jw but maybe that is the true religion because there are so many people hating on them. i would think satan would intervene on the ""true"" religion the most."
except the great tanning i'm with you. i like spring -that's when all the cool storm happen!
because 90% of muslim are not loving india. because they are making problem in india.
"since part of the strong flavor is from the scent chilling the salad will reduce the onion flavor. also letting the salad sit overnight (in the frig) will allow the onion time to mellow. if these suggestion don't help you could try picking out some of the onion, or add more of your other ingredents to spread out the onions.. . goodluck."
"grrrrrrrrrrrr! christian mythology is a ""myth"" and evolution is real. no comparison"
"sorry, i don't know about the distillation unit. i always gently use a paper towel and remove a little at a time, until most of it is gone, since it is floating on the top."
medium to medium well is the best. well done meat is just too hard to eat.
"a a rule, if you are right handed, your right hand is the hand you project with, the left is the one you receive with. if you're left handed, it's the other way. so, it really depends on what you're trying to do."
"it's banned in belarus.and in one other country, i forgot which one.. . so, again, the catholic church seems to get what they hoped for.. . (ps, i know u hate the da vinci-code-questions...ur kinda bored tonight,huh? lol)"
"13th century. shortening of old french esclave < medieval latin s(c)lavus ""captive,"" s(c)lavus ""slav"" < slavic"
"the creation able to play with the visual perception of the observer, since a picture to fire works: diagramation, meaning, concept, colour and point of attention are subject of consideration for a real ""artistic"" and balanced creation able to catch the attention and being subtle of own analysis.. . the visual art is so passionated and important cause induce the people to think and ""see"" through their own experiences, education and understanding of life."
kulcha is more or le like a pizza base n is more soft. roti is rolled out of kneaded wheat flour
"if you're taking this phrase from the bible, it mean if you're doing something good, nobody need to know it. you don't have to brag about a good deed. god see your good deed."
"native south american religious practice existed before they were studied by european anthropologist and historians, so thevet's influence on said practice is nil.. . if you'd like to know what his thought were on the religious practice of native south americans, you should probably just read his books."
"it is one of devi's names: (""she who is shining""): a female deity such a parvati, lakshmi, or radha, either in the sense of the ultimate reality (in it feminine pole) or a high angelic being.. . cheers!"
"often bottled water is tap water, . it can be just tap water from a mountain area so they call it ""mountain fresh"" or some other advertising garbage. bottled water is not necessarily cleaned better. bottled water is sold in abundance because people are ignorant"
"hahaha, and you know people would do it two. damn, that's a good way to get people into bed..."
shock it first prior to freezing or it will discolor. shock it in ice water or par broil for 2 min then fireeze in slip lock bag. i did that with string bean last year and they tasted so fresh when i went to cook them and they cook faster.
caca brown come in too many different shade of brown to be classified a just one color. sorry.
no way. one that is plan rude to the fireman that have to put it out should it get out of control. what if someone got seriously injury or worse killed.
"15 year ago i climbed mt kilimanjaro with a group of about 30 people, we spent a few day in nairobi afterwards. tusker beer wa pretty much the only beer available. one night we ate at a restaurant called ""the carnivore"". it served all kind of exotic meat."
"there is all kind of slavery in the u and some is still legal. while those are the illegal ones, they flourish because of the people being harmed are afraid or unwilling to go to the police. but there are other form that are legal, such a to certain religions, their jobs, lifestyles, etc."
"northern and central italian wine are very well known worldwide but, the wine of “mezzogiorno”, a word that mean noon but indicates southern italy, are sometimes excellent and usually significantly le expensive than their more northern cousins. taurasi is known a the barolo of the south for it excellent structure, complexity and flavor."
"well, let's look at it this way, their country is poor and oppresive where they can no longer support their family safely. america ha always been seen a a beacon of light to the oppressed lower class of the world. coming to america wa like running towards hope for their children's future.. . you have to respect the fact that people will do whatever it take for their family."
the sun newspaper in england ha a topless woman on page 3 every day. it is infamous. that is the page 3 syndrome. god i love the sun newspaper.
i haven't eaten those for years. i used to eat all the frosting first then throw the cooky at my classmates.
"i loved wispa bars.... yummmmmmmmmm. . it wa first introduced in 1981, discontinued by cadbury in 2003 in favour of the dairy milk bubble bar.. . btw... everyone need to go to the cadbury factory in bourneville, birmingham uk.. lot and lot and lot of chocolate to eat.."
it wa time for the change. i like it!
"well, there wa this man named swami srila prabhupada and he used to go all around the world bare footed and speak the name of lord krishna. so all were impressed by this and went ahead to follow him. then he founded iskcon. since then the western are running this institution"
"what islands, just pick up and go. good luck."
"organic all natural food is more expensive because it is organic and all natural (sounds stupid but true). people want it, so the price go up. the reason the other food is cheap is because nobody really care and want it."
"sweet, sticky rice is made with mochi rice. it is naturally sweet and sticky when steamed."
how to stop the war....hmmm... well you could make all of the insurgent in iraq throw down their weapons... or maybe make it so that when our military finally doe leave there won't be group of terrorist rushing back into the area to occupy it. until then i don't think the war will end... so deal with it.
"enhanced soy milk ha low fat, zero cholesterol, 100% vegan, high protein ... actually it ha a portion of almost all the essential vitamins. the brand that i use even ha omega3, calcium, folate, and antioxidant added.. . it is also more energizing to me than regular cow's milk.. . cow's milk is for calf ... they have a digestive system capable of digesting it."
"turmeric contains compound named curcumin which is yellow in colour ,it contains mainly three type of curcumin it iupac name is 1,7-bis(4-hydroxy-3-methoxy-phenyl)hepta-1,6-diene-3,5-dione. and it molecular formula is c21h20o6"
"i'm glad to see that you want to apply logic. however, your reasoning is faulty on so many level that it is difficult to respond in a brief manner."
go talk to a catholic priest. he can interact with you and answer all your questions.
"bread and marg do the trick, if you are eating indian food try some chapattis, with mexican maybe some cool lettuce and if you can get soya sour cream.. . potaotes can help if you are cooking the food try varying the time at which you add the chilli it can make a huge differnce to the heat but doe not compromise the taste"
"like the food for dogs?. well it chow, or food, for puppy's. . if it a real food i'd say it just resembles the food for dogs."
because english is a language that ha it root in so many other language (such a latin and saxon). therefore there are many exception to the rules.
how well you learn. it's usually measured with test & grades.
"look at who publishes and distributes other comic similar to yours and contact them. you may get rejected, but then again you may get a lucky break.. . publisher and distributor need new talent, you could be it."
"french spelling reflects french pronunciation of several century ago, during the middle ages, when the final consonant were pronounced. since that time, the pronunciation ha changed, but the spelling ha not. consider english a well, the k and gh of knight were pronounced in chaucer's time, but the spelling ha not changed in 600 year to reflect the modern pronunciation."
"yes, and i'd like an order of fry with that. thanks."
"um, there this website that you can find in yahoo. this is how it works, you type your last name and it will tell you it history, go to google or yahoo for more info."
they were only temporary things! like the nerd and ever lasting gostopppers
"it mean the alarm sound start because something ha caused it to start. e.g. my alarm clock go off at 7 a.m. every morning, because i have set it to start ringing at that time.. a burglar alarm will start ringing (go off) if a burglar enters the building, and will continue to ring until someone turn it off."
"the nature of what is considered art changes. high art ha rarely been a form of commentary. it ha always been the low form of art that tell u the most about society and it still does, graphic novels, popular fiction, political cartoons; these will always tell u more than anything you are likely to see in a gallery."
"i'm not exactly sure... maybe because when a guy say friend in the way of boyfriends, it's different. guy usually refer to his friend a friend or buds. girl refer to friend a girlfriends, friend or buds."
"because the ally were at war with japan and some estimated it might cost a million allied life to invade japan proper (plus another million japanese life too). it wa hoped a demonstration of the atom bomb's power would end the war swiftly, in the end it took two before the japanese surrendered. your description of america a terrorist probably mean you will ignore this information."
"♡i have to agree with the others, just be your charming, sweet, kind self! how could she possible resist? if you're yourself, she'll know what you're like and like you for all the right reasons. good luck getting your girl!♡"
"lard, lard and lard. the miracle food additive. add lard to everything. lard -- the healthy alternative."
"time is life, wasting time is wasting one life, time and god are the two greatest healers. bring a positive change into ur life now, otherwise later time will force u to change. be good and do good."
"some chance of rain, since it's the hurricane season. but generally very hot."
"# the quality of doing what is right and avoiding what is wrong. # merit: any admirable quality or attribute; ""work of great merit"". # morality with respect to sexual relations. # a particular moral excellence"
"asking religious zealot to be logical is just not going to happen. also, i would not open any package you get in the next couple of weeks. they can't kill a fetus, but they will blow your @ss up in a heartbeat."
"the catholic church teach that the church is a necessary intermediary between the sinner and god. the church administers the sacraments. orthodox christian believe much the same, a do episcopalians/anglicans.. . other protestant faith generally believe that salvation can come from direct communication via prayer between the sinner and god."
"although i don't particularly put much faith into the bible, i don't have any issue with what the bible say about homosexuality but i don't care for the interpretation that most christian have twisted it to mean. i'd prefer if they left the judgement to their god, rather than taking it upon themselves."
"do you really have to ask this question ?. . if being a pervert wa not bad, it wouldn't be called perversion ..."
"simply, the term, ""mass communications"" refers to radio, television, newspapers, magazines, and now the internet. any way you can communicate with ""the masses."""
"hillbilly's, to me, are like the people that always have overall on and they have like two teeth, because they are poor and they were just raised that way.. . redneck are the oes that have the jacked up tire and chew tobacco and think wearing a nascar t shirt and a big belt buckle is dressing up for a special occasion."
"dime were origanally made of silver, and thus worth more than nickle or copper, the small amount of silver in the dime is worth more than the copper of the penny of the nickle in the five cent piece. (no garintee of this being true)"
"go to a different school. you should be studying, not instant messaging."
"practice discipline. do yoga, martial arts, work out. practice conscious breathing exercises. meditate."
"i wash mine, but i've noticed these day many people don't. freak me out."
try iridology. you can learn it at clayton college of natural health. it's about 3500 for the certification.
i live so i can help and offer advice to deserving people like you. remember this. to help another lovingly is a blessing. good luck and much wisdom.
you should change that question to 'what is the purpose of our life?'.
"the weather here in jamaica is just fine, hot sunshine and an endless beach for mile at any of our beautiful resort in mobay. there is no need to worry about the hurricane season, since it hasn't started yet.. . congratulations! on your honeymoon, enjoy."
"i agree with what you said, so many people treat kid like they have no right or feelings.. i think some adult just can't take it that some kid know more than they do."
"traditional. legend say there were invented when a sea captain wa in a storm and wanted a snack. when his cook brought pastries, he put them on the spoke of the ship's wheel so the captain could get to them."
"socialization creates many of our opinion about what is and is not appropriate, and this affect our attitude about everything.. . for instance, for most of human history, infanticide wa commonly practiced, and yet today the thought of killing a baby is viewed a abhorrent. now i'm not advocating killing babies, i'm just pointing out that even something which seems so fundamental to our way of thinking, is in fact a product of socialization."
"doe it matter? . if you haven't tried it, try it. if you have, but only once, then the question is quit trivial unless it happens again, not?"
"if you are running internet explorer, go to the tool menu at the top of the page and click internet options. once there, click delete cooky and delete files. that should erase your search history at any site.. . if you are running any other browser, just find the preference or setting section--there should be a way to delete the cooky and the temporary internet files."
it wa the turk who purportedly shot it off during target practice. the french were actually quite the fanatic about egypt. napoleon brought an army of classical scholar along with him. that's why champollion discovered the rosetta stone and cracked hieroglyphics.
"i mean that something derives or come from something else.i.e. some english word are a derivative of latin ones, therefore they come from certain latin words."
lmao lmao. this time you got me to shut up =)
"you can google this; ""wolf's rain."" it's japnese anme with lot of wolves. maybe that can ive you an idea."
in here instead u get 8 sausage in a pack and or 4 hot dog bread or 6!! in here it's worst!
"people interpret the bible in different ways. some people will extend the ""don't call god's name in vain"" rule to include thing that other people wouldn't. if enough people feel offended and complain to the network about it, the network will then censor it to please the public because not pleasing them is bad for business.. . so the will of a few is imposed on all (and yet people still think they have free speech)."
religion is man made. spirituality is walking in the way that god would have u walk.. . religion brings death. spirituality brings life.
"it really depends on the family. the funeral could happen a soon a the next few days. if family life farther away, it could be put off for 5-6 days. funeral usually aren't later than a week after death."
"well, quite apart from the fact that some are not.... . it's because we have a natural desire to procreate that we find the opposite sex attractive.. . but, in general you're right, they are..."
you have a strong feeling that you. have seen or done this before.
"i think the best definition of ""not for nothing"" that i have seen is, cancel out the double-negative and thus it means, for something, or for a reason. apparently this is a slang phrase much used in the northeast u.s. and in new york. when you start a question with ""not for nothing, but..."", it translates as, ""if you don't mind my asking..."""
"the scientific soundness of your theory of genesis is somewhat disproved by my theory of relativity - in my theory, all that is relative to me and my life came about the day that i wa born, and everything in the world (including you) wa null and void before that - everything is relative to me, my life and my thought - this would somewhat totally disprove your theory of genesis!!!!"
this is not msn.... why did you think you would find msn people here???. . this is also not a chat room.... why did you think it was???
"try vline trains, there will be a few service a it is the main route between melbourne and sydney. you might find the bus a bit cheaper but maybe not a comfortable."
"well since this question is under economics, equilibrium is the point at which both the supplier and consumer will agree to purchase and provide a product. there is usually a graph that will show you where supply and demand meet. this point is called the equilibrium point. over time the equilibrium price change depending on how much a consumer is willing to pay for a product, how much it cost a supplier to produce a product, what technological advance have occured, the state of employment in a given economy, and how much a company ha invested into capital."
"you have to throw some really big bribe to the nobel prize committee! only kidding. search on nobel prize, you should be able to find at least one site that talk about the submission and selection process."
"way back when, before refrigeration, egg were fresh in the morning and safe to eat. that's also why great-grandma did her baking in the morning when the milk and the egg were freshest. now it's just a tradition."
"man dominated society. woman are more like posessions of the man, than independent equals. therefore they should be controlled because their free will can jeopardize the religious ideal they have placed on devotion to family."
sometimes we come to the realization that there is nothing more frightening or monstrous than human beings. we stop externalizing our fear and giving them hideous physical manifestation when we see the horror and ugliness that people can do to people. we learn that we are the monsters.
"you start by drawing a horatonzial line, then put a point in the center of that line called the vanishing poit, now when you draw a house or a table all the line coming off the flat wall extends to that vanishing point on the horatzonttal line, of course dont draw the table to the vp just enough to give it demsion, it can also get more complicated when you add multiple vp's and horazontal line (the hl everything below the line go up everything above go down, you can varay the hl anywhere on the paper and the vp anywhere on that line.) =)"
"old picnic basket are made of various material ranging from the wooden one with solid wood handle and weaved side to the old wicker basket with gingham lining and woven handles. i have been collecting them for year and although they may be old and dusty, they seem to be worth a dollar or two also. they also look absolutely wonderful when you combine them with beautiful antique linens."
"the personal liberty law were a series of law passed by several u.s. state in the north in the 1850s in response to the fugitive slave law.. . the law were designed to protect free blacks, freedmen, and fugitive slave by effectively nullifying the fugitive slave law without actually invoking the doctrine of nullification, which is unconstitutional. this wa done through provision such a forbidding the use of state jail to imprison alleged fugitive to prevent state official from enforcing the strict law and compelling slave bounty hunter to furnish corroborative proof that his captive wa a fugitive, a well a according the accused the right to trial by jury and appeal. law in some state made it easier to extradite a runaway if slave status were confirmed."
"at peace because they don't have to deal with the real world. not saying that that's a bad thing, either. le materialistic, more introspective."
"total height of the taj, including the podium and the copper finial is over 73 meters, slightly higher than the towering qutub minar in delhi or equivalent to an 8-storey building. the entire covered area is larger than the humayun's tomb."
"do a google search on each flower. it will tell you the history of the flower and anything else you want to know about the subject. good luck, sydney"
"development in this context is economic development. this is development of economic wealth of country or region for the well-being of their inhabitants. the study of economic development is known a development economics.. economic development is a sustainable increase in living standard that implies increased per caput income, better education and health a well a environmental protection. there is also a field called international development which focus on poor countries."
it depends on where in st catharines you are sending the mail. i know they all start l2? ??? and then the rest of the digit are depending on street number and street name.
hang it out in the sun for about a week but make shore it is covered with a net to keep bug off and in a place where animal can not get to it. that is the best way because it will have the best flavor.
"sexual abuse is ""abuse of a sexual nature such a rape, incest, fondling, and indecent exposure"". rape is defined a forced, manipulated or coerced sexual intercourse (or other sexual act) against the will of the victim.. . rape specifically cover penetration act where sexual abuse is a broader term that includes rape and other abuse of a sexual nature."
"unkindly named but understandably, this fruit, pronounced oo-gli, is wrapped in a rough, puffy, slightly loose-fitting greenish-yellow to orange baggy fragrant skin. ranging in size from an overgrown navel orange to a hefty grapefruit, the nearly seedless pinkish-orange or sunshiny yellow-orange pulp contains tender large juice sac that offer a soft fleshiness. it acid-sweet, zesty, pungent flavor is sweeter than grapefruit and is somewhat reminiscent to that of an orange. some say it taste more like a mandarin with faint overtone of pineapple or honey."
i wa wondering that myself. i haven't seen some of them in a while. but a few here and there quit because of how nasty is wa getting.
"we have been told that we must pick up our cross and follow jesus. that doesn't mean great peace, wealth, and health. we suffer and offer up any suffering to unite them with the suffering of jesus christ who died for all our sins. no cross....no crown."
laptop have button and wire and thing for plugging thing into and run on electricity.. . notebook are made of paper.
"twist it like you would when you wring it out, then hold it in place with string. if you want circle pop a small stone or pebble on the shirt and tie round it with string. elastic band sometimes brake.. . forgot, spiral the string down the shirt like you would when curling hair round your finger."
heaven is all around you right now. it is a state of being and not a place. you will not have a body once you leave this one and so age is irrelevant.
"the chinese food you tasted across the globe ha mostly been localised and is sometimes an influenced by other culture found in that particular country. in south-east asia for example, the chinese food found is slightly spicy due to the influence of the indian and malay culture"
"i am an atheist but c'mon man, i am proud of american soldier despite of all that. please respect them, for them having sacrificed their life for million of others. and don't listen to a guy named george bush."
i wa baptized by immersion at the age of 8 for the remission of my sins. then i recieved the gift of the holy ghost a my companion. i renew these covenant at church every sunday.
"i've tried it and it make the kiwi slimey...i'm not sure if that's the reason or not. my friend told me to put the kiwi in the freezer, sugar coated, first. im not sure if it work or not."
how lazy are you! it your shoppin bag it your self
allow me to inform you that 95% of the world doesn't speak english a it home language! what about you? can you write correctly any other language beside english?. can you actually write english (and i mean english not american english) grammatical correct?
"in nature, animal hunt and kill for survival. i don't call inhumane conditions, slaughtering, packing in plastic and sitting in your local supermarket meat case too natural.. . how can you possible call a wild animal ""inhumane""? did you happen to see the word ""human"" in that word?"
"in short, it is the outstanding criticism of capitalism. marx put up his theory a to how the system work and discovers inherent limit and (somewhat prophetically) predicts it downfall. among other things, there is the famous theory about the worker's alienation from his work, he predicted the need for globalisation and the necessity of unemployment within the capitalist system. it is of course dated, but there's still some truth in it."
is that the japanese drink? pretty sure it ha something to do with fermenting rice.
my bos seems to think it's directly around him... sigh! :)
"it is mainly to avoid those nasty tanlines, but it feel really good to have the sun shining down on your bare naked body. whenever i live somewhere with a private yard, i take any chance i can to sunbathe nude. it just feel good!"
"along with contour, look at negative space. visualize the shape between items. it will have a shape all it own and will definitely improve your drawing."
ku klux klan. . a bunch of white supremacist
"i think fill it with the beautiful thing they loved and enjoyed. a chinese proverb read ""better to light a candle than curse the darkness"" and walter scott said ""death is not the last sleep it is the final awakening"". i don't know your friend outlook but i would try to make it a little light-hearted. when my grandfather wa moved to a hospice he wanted nothing morbid and everyone to celebrate his life."
because he love you. perhaps you should see a professional about this.
the only way to lessen the vinegar is to increase the recipe size. just double the recipe and don't add any more vinegar.
"by not wanting it, but by letting yourself adrift in god's hands. he'll know what to do with you."
"you just answered your own question!. . if you do not know, it is a show that play video that are sent in by average, ervyday people of funny thing that they have caught on tape!"
luck ha nothing to do with it. life give you what you are willing to fight for....and everyone know we will fight for anything..hahah
"check the temperature in your oven, sound like it not cooking hot enough. the crust will be crispy when done, banana bread is always best if you let it cool, wrap in foil for a day before eating"
"a fruit.. . more specifically: a fruit about the size of an orange and having a red pulp containing many seed and enclosed in a thick, hard, reddish skin."
"1. drawing : a picture or plan made by mean of line on a surface,esp. one made with a pencil or pen without the use of colour. 2. drawing : a sketch,plan or outline 3. drawing : the art of drawings,draughtsmanship ."
being stupid is jumping off a bridge because your friend did...being brave is jumping off a bridge to save a drowning child!!!
"1982. i wa at my best weight, i looked my best and i met my husband. very happy time."
"role model - whether they are parents, relatives, teachers, friend or even enemies. faith and lack of faith will also define a person. but ultimately, our own choice - no matter whether they are educated informed choice or foolish ignorant choice - ultimately it is our choice that determine who we become."
"there's one about the uncle of kid with a round head who hired john stamos to sing ""loving you"" at a local football halftime show, only unbeknown to the opposing football team, he had rigged explosive to their school mascot, a jackass, set to explode when stamos hit the highest note in the song. this happened in a small redneck whitebread town in colorado ..."
"if it ha gotten warm, it's bad. just like milk does.. . if it taste like vinegar, it ha gone bad."
good is....she is eye candy...can't beat that. evil is....telling your wife she is eye candy....you can get beat for that
opaque just mean you can't see through it. transparent mean you can see through it. like the difference between looking at a painted wall and looking through a tinted window. both are colored but you can't see through the wall.
"crib is old ""upstairs"" slang for home or your own room ,from a babies' crib i guess so i guess miner just took it down with them.""smoko"" sound aussie to me so maybe they have another explaination."
~somethin's gotta give. it's like science and the catholic church.
"spiritual warfare is the mythical battle going on in the spiritual realm. the concept is not from the bible, but from the book of enoch, which were prominant in hellenistic judaism a well a early christianity.. . those book were dropped by the church of rome because they tended to undermine the authoritarian nature of the 'jesus a god incarnate' myth."
well for a muslim the avatar would be a guy wearing a cloth over his face or a chick wearing a cloth over her face. . seems pointless
give it time and it wont be taboo . we are not a open about it a men are. woman have been doing it for year but we know how to keep our mouth shut about private thing like mastur.bation
"suck the filling into your mouth a you bite down. weird sounding, i know, but it work for me."
well the whole story is all about revenge. hester had revenge on her husband by having another man's child. her husband plot revenge on the father of the child during the entire novel. try reading the book the you'll understand.
"now, a a mother, i would have thought this wa short for emotional, but i stand corrected. according to my 15 year old daughter, it's a person who is prep/goth. they dress in name brand clothes, but the clothes and their makeup are gothic."
"have you watched princess diary one? i loved the part where they threw dart at balloon with paint in them..i think that that's a really cool way to relieve stress, although i haven't tried it myself...but you see i also think that it's kind of a person-to-person basis so what might work for me may not work for you...but then, you can always try!i love hot shower and aromatherapy...surfing on the internet, playing your favorite sport and watching a movie are some thing that i do to help me relieve stress"
a chemical change requires energy. usually change in temp.
same reason lipton employee take cofee breaks. no one knows...
maybe this link will help you. this is a website for all in morocco
"right this is why.... potato were a strange food that had never been intoduced before to france, not like now a day when you can have all mannor of strange and wonderful things. now because it wa so unusaual people were a little frightened of them, so they were introduced a being like and apple cause everyone knew what they were and liked them, so it took some of the fear away cause an apple of the earth cant be unnatural!! my french teacher told me that (she wa an old french lady too to add to the arthantisity of it all) cause like you i wondered why!! hope this answer your question!"
"everyone is shy --- it is the inborn modesty that make u able to live in harmony with other creature and our fellows. achievement come not by denying shyness but, occasionally, by setting it aside and letting pride and perspiration come first."""
"some reading we do to get the information. after we read, we can either use the information or we can't, and that's the end of it.. . but there are some thing you can read over and over, even though you already have the information, you read just for the sake of the reading. this is prose and poetry."
just like any other prisoner japan had during ww2. imhumane.
may be the day doe not go on a expected. you are hopeful in the morning and by afternoon the enthusiasm is reduced. you need to be cheerful and hopeful every moment of the day to be able to sleep peacefully in the night.
"ad maiorem dei gloriam or ad majorem dei gloriam, also known by the abbreviation amdg, is the motto of the society of jesus, commonly referred to a the jesuits. the society is a religious order within the auspex of the roman catholic church. in latin, the motto mean ""for the greater glory of god"" and is believed to have been coined by the founder of the religious order, saint ignatius of loyola, a a cornerstone of the society's philosophy."
"most athiests, like most of any other group, are not geniuses, they are average.. . many genius are agnostic, very few are atheist. you need to do more research."
the dalits are time and again reminded that they are dalits by politician for their selfish gains. otherwise they are no different from any indian citizen. some of them still are below poverty line.
i say go with what you like to do - go with what feel the best for you based on your talent and skills. try out different thing and don't be afraid to say something doesn't work for you.
"using a large knife, slice through the mango a close to the pit a possible without cutting into it on both side of the mango. this will leave a little fruit on the ""top"" and ""bottom"" of the fruit you can cut off. set the cut piece skin down and then cut a grid into the meat of the fruit without cutting the skin. using your finger push on the skin side and force the cube of mango out; the meat should either just pop out or be easily removed from the skin."
they aren't. what is happening is those that are joining are almost dead even with those leaving.
"a memoir can be more selective about the time frame or the subject.. . an autobiography would start with your childhood and go on through to the present time, but you could write a memoir about your love of baseball or your battle with drug addiction and not have to go into detail about other facet of your life."
"the answer to this question would fill a book and you certainly couldnt do it justice here.. . maybe break the question down into sub question like what effect did it have immediately during the conflict, what effect did it have on politics, religion, welfare, human rights, future war etc.. . that will give people a chance to give you good short answer which will then build up a picture."
fear of success and the responsibility it brings? sometimes it's easier to cop out than step up.
take some milk in a vessel. heat it till some time .after it come to a boil then add some vinegar or lime to it it will start turning into paneer that is cottage cheese.after the process is completed then remove the water from it
"wait for them to finish, then go knock on the door, clapping. applause, applause....offer them a hot towel and a cigarette. go heavy on the sarcasm."
to mach it with his shoes... he wa a freak of fashion poor guy....lol
"the le you talk, the more you think. then you can concentrate on what's really important."
add nestle's quik or something like that. i like to put it in the blender with ice. make a yummy chocolate smoothie.
do you mean geologist? it's a person that study the earth and rocks.
"tea, like any other food, is an acquired taste.it isn't supposed to be strong flavoured, but a refreshing break from the hardship of the day. it is supposed to be soothing. yes, it can be bland, but each different blend ha it own fragrance, which can help make the taste better."
"4 square down, 2 either side, like a cross. then fold them inwards at right-angles."
"check the inner lining of the purse, if the stitching is haphazzard it is a knock off. also some designer put personal touch on their work. sometimes the designer named bag is spelt incorrectly."
over 80% of the world is water. if your are flying over land when the plane come down just hope the captain aim for a puddle
"because i didn't want him to die, and he left a lot of good stuff and he will remain in our heart forever..... we love you freddy mercury!!!!!"
i dont know ...but for arab we use thats word what ever where christian or muslim .... . god/allah bless u all
"liberal adj. not limited to or by established, traditional, orthodox, or authoritarian attitudes, views, or dogmas; free from bigotry.favoring proposal for reform, open to new idea for progress, and tolerant of the idea and behavior of others; broad-minded."
"are you a guy or a girl. never mind, doesn't matter. get in front of a hard c ock and either suck or rub on it until the guy shoot his wad. use you hand to aim the c ock so the pearly white c um shoot all over your neck."
sex is not shameful u ninny!!! not when it with ur husband or wife!! why dont u just get a life or maybe a brain ohh yah and the exerpt mean the shame of exposing one genitals dummy!! dont u remember people saying shame shame when u were a kid and would roam about naked in ur house?
"cotton candy is made of sugar, air, coloring and flavorings. of you let it sit in a moist environment, it will cause the sugar to melt and dissolve. or, if it is compressed, the air will come out of the mix and it will condense into a hard sugar block."
"well, you have use number first then letters. it did the same for me."
"vehicle sizes, speed, road conditions, traffic etc. keep changing. it is ones' ability to judge right and drive safely. you should take good driving lesson to overcome your driving in-abilities before any error of judgement on your part could cost you or anyone else dearly."
o is the universal donor . ab+ is the recipient.
power ha a way of doing that to people. they think theyre above the law..
um.....religion is on this. maybe you are not looking.
"yeah, depression and anxiety. and sometimes fear of the world. one thing i do know is no one should do it!"
one is a single malt scotch . thank you
"there is no mail id of god.feel! he is still with you.do we wait to see that god is litening to our prayer or not, when we pray...nops...or do we write e-mail or letter to him...nops.....so, he is inside you....feel him.. thanks,. sumiya."
"viewing animal help u understand and brings u back to nature, where we should be! with our roads, tv, computers, processed food, cars, pollution etc we are further away from nature than we have ever been, and this can only cause problem (behavioural and physical a is occuring in our society today (asbo's, rise of asthma & other allergies, mental conditions, all in children).. . child can learn proper responsibility of animal and not to harm them if the rspca educates children, but also just the fact it exists show child that people out their care about animal and they should not be treated a object to do with a you please.. . it teach them that although bad thing happen, there are often good people or organisation that are willing to help, it enables to feel empowered in their own life that organisation are there to help, and prevent injustice - and they can help too."
"because the thawing process allows bacteria and mold to begin growing. after meat ha been frozed and thawed several times, it is equivalent to just letting the meat stand out in the open for hour if not days."
"from fabrics? try denatured alcohol, terpintine or gasoline. spot treat and then rewash. good luck!"
"rebeccah (rebekah or rivkah) (רִבְקָה ""captivating"", ""enchantingly beautiful"", ""noose"" or ""snare"", standard hebrew rivqa, tiberian hebrew riḇqāh) is the wife of isaac. her story is told in the book of genesis of the hebrew bible."
"nobody yet satisfactorily explained why human mammal prefer a sexual way of reproducing a opposed to nonsexual way that are more efficient and more error-free... for instance, the human being is a success product but ha some potentially lethal flaw in the design: long gestation period, slow and painful way out with high potential of destroying the host and the one person who is primarily responsible for bettering the chance of it survival; the airway and foodway is dangerously close together,... the list go on and on."
"i may be a dolt, but i'm afraid i don't understand ""post-structualist theory"". if you can explain it, i'd be happy to discus dickinson."
"1) go to lithuania. 2) look for a lithuanian community in your own country. . just curious, why do you want a wife specifically from lithuania?"
"selling your cd for only a few dollar each on ebay and other auction site is hard work but it get your music out there and the more people who hear it, the more people will want to hear it. you may not make a lot of money at this but it may also be the start of something big."
train from luton airport parkway (free shuttle bus to the station) to london st pancras station.. . tube from st pancras to paddington station.. . paddington to frome by train.
"new technology meaning internet could change my relationship because now it's easier than ever to verify something a true or not. easier to see who's lying to you, and how big of a lie."
"because they are allowed ! we on the other hand, are not!"
"to kill a mockingbird wa arguably the finest hour of one of the greatest actor ever, gregory peck. i guess they'll remake it when they redo citizen kane. :-)"
freud had a lot to say about how we understand religion. the (our) father being the dominant position. people need something to believe in and someone to show them the way. we are truly weak creatures...well...not all of u are...but a lot of u really don't think before we invest our faith.
"when he wa a child ,he lived in a jewish communities,people treated him and his family badly.. when he wa a soldier ,he had done a mission successfully but the officer did not give him a metal a promised and laughed at him,the officer wa a jews.. when the german soldier fought hard in the front,some jew politician and wealthy business man pushed the king excel to switzerland and the unfair treaty singed.. actually ,there were multiple reason german lost the war and he disliked the jews,was trying to kill all jew because of their belief and he felt that jew were not a good a german and after the war,germans were suffered from the unfair treaty,he wa using their anger to crabed the power,jews were that "" goat ""."
if there is no god then there is no meaning. we were an accident and we will all be gone in due time barely leaving a trace of evidence that we were here compared to the rest of the universe.
"i can certainly get you one lovely girl. but first tell me, what will you do with her ?"
he wa having sex with a woman in the middle of a circle of people wearing mask and robes. it wa a ritual - woman are viewed a goddess to them.
"or we could generously assume, greenrapper, that the questioner wa only allowed 100 character by the non-human computer program, and so ran out of room before completing the word ""student"", and would thus respond to them with compassion and understanding and a sense that while perfectability may be a part of human nature, perfection itself is not--meaning that our life are not end to be met, but creative journey to be taken toward discovering our self and our purpose.. . something the fine art teaches. heaven help the college student (and the world) if it's considered unnecessary..."
if you ever had a positive relationship with them concentrate on that. but if you never did make new friend and forget about them.
"sweet red... sorry can't remember. if you don't get a good recipe ask again in a week or so, and 'll find you the very best recipe from spain."
"it's easy to tell. if he say he is one, he's a liar."
to butterfly a peice of meat mean to cut it down the middle and leaving it connected at the base of the cut then when you flatten the meat out it look like a butterfly. hope this is helpful.
"if i'm not mistaken, a snow bunny is a girl who hang around at ski resorts. she may or may not ski, but her main purpose is to be seen looking cute in her ski gear. hth!"
"at the bottom of your question,after you select the catagory it under right below that it ha a little box and it ha a mark in it,you can click it so it doesnt have a mark in it and that eliminates the email everytime you get an answer.. mark=emails everytime you get an answer to your question. no mark=no email everytime you get an answer . good luck!"
the book? it's about a code hidden in the work of leonardo da vinci.
"mary wa a virgin because she married a a child but wa still under age of consent, when she reached the age it is possible joseph wa not interested a wife were seen property and not married for love. virgin birth were common in biblical time epecially among royalty a they proved a link to the divine. today in africa the zulu tribe practise non penetrive intercouse before marrige and still end up pregnant even in western world virgin birth are not unheard of usually a result of heavy peting i suspect the same thing happened to mary."
"lol, i know how ya feel pal, they call me a pig;) lol. but it won't stop me from eating chinese food"
"because they were disciple (followers of jesus). they weren't apostle (12 people selected by jesus to follow him.),however. they got much of their information from apostle and first hand accounts....they all contain very similar things, just different prospective. it is based on faith also"
"existentialist angst is a part of modern life, nobody can escpe it. anarchist are not imune."
"a a philosopher, questions... the answer itself only induces more questions. when there are no more question to ask, then we will be omnipotent. until then, the answer are only relevant in that they direct you to the next question."
"your best bet would take it back to the store, with your receipt and let them know that you did buy the clothing and the security tag wa not removed. if you try doing it yourself, you may ruin it and you definately will not get your money back"
this sound like your homework. go look it up in the history book that you're supposed to be reading for class!
"well, it maybe kind of could be, sort of, if you want to look at it that way, maybe, or on the other hand it's not really so much sort of vague a kind of, you know, sort of, it's like, well, maybe some people wouldn't put it maybe quite so categorical if you know what i'm saying, probably. or maybe not. probably. or is that just me?"
"get a pop-up blocker. but, i agree with you. why do we have to see this? i see it whenever i go to the main page or read articles."
10. . exp. 1000000000000. . way too gay to be a loser.
"it mean that you are losing, but if you don't quit now you could lose even more.. . basically, give up before it get worse."
"to ""suffer the fools"" mean to be tolerant of people being idiots. i have to suffer fool all day at school, so i know this term well."
"share these scripture with that so-called ""former jehovah's witness"":. . (proverbs 26:11) just like a dog returning to it vomit, the stupid one is repeating his foolishness.. . (2 peter 2:22) the dog ha returned to it own vomit, and the sow that wa bathed to rolling in the mire."
shallow pan almost flat is best. place the meat on the lower rack. be carefull not to let it burn or scortch. i also recomend placing it on the lowest temperature setting when broiling meat so it ha time to get done the way i like.
join yahoo answers!! worked for me i haven't been on ebay in weeks.
"well it help to have a few daqeries in you and a little imagination a well, so now here it is pfffffffffffffuah!. welcome back-juju"
get out ur dictionary. the root word is sustain. look it up on google
because when you are reading something it is much harder to pick it up. sarcasm is best when spoken because can pick up the change in voice or attiude.
that's not always true. people have different personality and it's just who they are.
"soluble fiber usually come from oat brans, dried fruit and melon and they help reduce cholesterol by grabbing on to bile and eliminating it. insoluble fiber generally come from plant source such a wheat bran, nut and barley and help keep a person regular."
there are different handshake actually. this site ha them and all the secret signs....
"they are blinded by their own sin and worldliness, a were cains' people on the plain. they need to believe there is no greater power to whom we must answer to some day in order to justify continuing with their behavior and actions.. . they are hoping and betting they are right, for if not there will be wailing and gnashing of teeth. (i guess they are starting that in this life huh?)"
"i don't consider failure a a sin. i,also,agree with your answer. however, not all people think that way. only those who claim themselves religious, think that way or those who are afraid to admit their own mistake or attmepts in life."
"having retired after over 25 year in the prison system, i have met more than my share of these woman - and while they are all different to some extent, they appear to share these characteristics: low self esteem, the need to feel that someone ""belongs"" to them, the need to feel that little thrill that although he killed 17 other women, he ""really love me and i'm safe unlike the others"", the need to know that he's not out tom catting around on her (of course, the fact that he is in all likelihood having sexual relation with other inmate is of no interest to her), and finally, a bit of a ""martyr"" syndrome. there are lot of strange people out there, and they aren't all locked up. anyone who sends a fan letter to a serial killer probably should be locked up him/herself !!!"
"one word marketing.. since mezcal cannot legally be called tequila, it producer decided that it would be a cool idea to put an agave caterpillar in the bottle to make it look more exotic.. . the ""worm"" also serf a a proof that the mezcal is strong enough. if there is not enough alcohol the caterpillar will decay."
how can it be good luck. it very painful.
"don't worry too much about hurting him a you said he treated you like trash, so he obviously wasn't all that concerned about your feeling when you were together. just tell him you still want to be friends, but nothing more."
it's supposed to symbolize that a drug dealer life in that house that the shoe are in front of. . . that's how it started at least.
do not just toss it out they are very dangerous. take it to a place that sell propane or where you got it. they will take it.
"by ignoring both of them and working in another area away from them, if possible. tell them both to sort out their problem away from you."
"answer to second part- ahmadees are non-muslims 'coz they do not believe that prophet muhammad (peace be upon him) is the final prophet of god. they think that some guy called ghulam mirza qadian born somewhere in the indian subcontinent, is a prophet while the qur'an clearly state that there is going to be no prophet after muhammad (peace be upon him). i know some ahmadees say that this ghulam mirza didn't claim prophethood but nevertheless, the muslim point of view is that god is not going to send any other revelation after the qur'an and anyone who claim to have received any such instuctions from god is an outright liar.. to be a muslim, you have to follow what the muslim belive, it a simple a that."
"it's like lowered expectations. on your first trip, you have vision of sugar plum - you expect a fully cooked meal to pop out at you. on the second, you're willing to make an effort such a having to put together a sandwich or cook something. by that third time, you're willing to try anything or make anything that consists of more than just a condiment."
"i figure that buddhist are like jew and catholic - they are people.. . additionally budhism, judaism and catholocism are all essentially the same a well - each say the truth or spirit of god is within.. . it's just when people get involved to adulterate these pristine belief with their own personal agenda that we have religious conflict."
"coz whenever u meet a person, the first thing u see in them is look not personality, so someone ha first impression is last impression, so if u want to impress anybody then u must be good looking. but personality is also important so it come after looks."
"perfection--. there is only one god - the god of abraham, isaac and jacob.. . a perfect life - ecc 12. 13 the conclusion, when all ha been heard, is: respect god and keep his commandments, because this applies to every person.. 14 for god will bring every act to judgment, everything which is hidden, whether it is good or evil."
"just remember what ever you do, what go around come around. just play it cool when you do it."
go on an asian online chat room. you'll find plenty that want to write to an american. japanese people are very nice.
"the roman catholic church did not allow henry viii to divorce catherine of aragon (who failed to provide him with a son), so he ordered the archbishop of canterbury to allow him the divorce. this led to the breaking off with rome and the formation of the anglican church."
thats easy man...what would really be a challenge is if you aspired to move a country..like just move it dude..ya know people and all...even the tree and sh it and the bird yeah the birds..and the lamposts and stuff.. yeah and the chocolate and candy and stuff i like them..and lot of other thing man..i mean like everything..but them thing first.. . see how easy that is guy.. then come on here asking how easy it is co dude..i can tell you it will be hard..good luck and let me know what country you move i vote england..move it somewhere hot near barbados or something..good luck with that...please keep me informed of the progression..
"it should be a big part, youth have so much to give. i wouldn't go to a church that didn't value and promote the youth and i'm old enough to be most of there grandmother."
it used to be done on barn back in the last century or something. it's just a new trend that look cute. but it did originate from yesteryear.
"grat beaches, beautiful mountain and lagoons, local that speak english, great resteraunts, lot of activities, great place to stay, volcanoes, etc etc. it a great place to go, i havent seen anywhere in the caribbean that is even remotely a nice yet. i really recommend it to anyone."
the website below might be able to help you with your question. . . hope this helps.
"a an australian i have no idea. did you bring your question to this area because vegetarians/vegans are smarter, i know they are lol"
"chinese is the most spoken language in the world.. . many big, international company will have office and business link in china. . failing big business opportunity you could become a translator for the police, various charities, immigration etc"
"those people who are in hell deserve it. those who don't believe in [insert you religion] doe not mean they will go to hell. only if they refuse to believe, and therefore are accepting satan."
"used in the foodservice business, meaning a restaurant is out of an item. this use originated from the famous delmonaco restaurant in new york city, a item #86 on their menu, their house steak, ran out often in the 19th century."
eye ha not seen what god ha in store for u and our simple mind cannot comprehend heaven until we experience it for ourselves. there is no one here who can tell you what heaven will be like.
"ginseng, drink ginseng every day. it should remove all trace and, it's an 100% natural product."
"the most religious by total number or per capita? the most religious per caput would be any from texas to virginia, or the bible belt. there's a church on nearly any back road you travel, small, but a church, unique in the south. it's hard to find someone that even us a swear word!"
because i'm part of the god squad and i have no sense of humor.. . (just kidding. i already have!)
"i suspect you probably drink more tea at a time than you drink coffee. i drink more coffee than tea, so obviously i have a different experience. both are diuretic, but then again just drinking lot of water make you pee too."
"i asked a friend of mine from liberia this same question one day.the african feel that most of u are ashamed to be black,are lazy,use racism for an excuse to not get ahead,blame the world for our problem and are ignorant. i asked one of my anthro professor from nigeria the same question and he feel that black american look down on africans. i feel we should all should bury the hatchet and get along because we share the same heritage and we have so much to learn from one another. we are never taught about africa in school,only black american history.the history and culture of the different country is truly intersting.i know plenty of black american who date and have married africans.the woman especially feel more respected with an african man."
"not the world, but the few person that twist the mind of the others to follow. such a those who would blame a country they live in instead of leaving it so they don't have to put up with it. united state army veteran disabled volunteer."
"it doe originate from the item a man would have been allowed to beat his wife with. if the item wa smaller than his thumb, then he could beat her with it, but anything bigger than his thumb wa not allowed!"
"omg u have got 2 take it easy.. i dont understand like how ppl can let lil irrelevant thing like this keep them from sleeping at night. maybe you should quit asking the general public, if this is that much of a problem for u."
"according to the historian josephus, woman were subject to crucifixtion just the same a men. however, it wa probably much more common for men to be crucified rather than women."
absolutely!! u get back what u put out there.
"if you have committed a typographical error and mean mood, then it is refering to the author's tone. if you mean mode, then it refers to the structure of the poem."
"get him drunk, and then put on a pair of spiked heels. if you start light and gradually get rougher he'll go along with it."
color: black (or dark red). letter: a. word: innocuous. phrase: i believe joy wa a game you could never play without stumbling. thing about myself: i'm seriously random
"nougat is a confectionery made with sugar or honey, roasted nut (almonds, walnuts, pistachio or hazelnut are common) and sometimes chopped, candied fruit. the consistency of nougat can range from chewy to hard depending on it composition. white nougat is made with beaten egg white and is soft, whereas brown nougat is made with caramelized sugar and ha a firmer texture."
try a flower or gardening book. the internet might be a good place to look. there a really beautiful flower on the website below. a really good tattoo artist will be needed to pull it off tho.. also tattoo johnny - search engine of downloadable tattoo
"man need answers, religion provides answers. simple men need simple answers. simple religion provide simple answers. now, simply go away and stop confusing the simple people."
"are you going to the city?? if not and you mean around buffalo, take my word for it, because i recently moved here from florida and im sooooooooo cold all the time so be sure to bring lot of warm clothes cause your thin florida blood cant take the temp here very good !!"
"mireille is a female fist name a for mireille matthieu, for example, famous french singer!. your pronunciation is wrong though: it would be more like [mee-rey]"
"conservation spot emerge due to popular attraction to the place, and with city council to decide to put such place on thier town map for more tourist attraction. they ask for funding from thier government and then they identify the wildlife that is inhabiting that place and sometimes offer zoos, wildlife authority (wildlife management usually), and pet store that offer wildlife tours. they usually have a hotel nearby and some good restaurant to attract the visitors.. . are you planning on protecting the wildlife and conserving the eco system?"
"if you want something very similar, try wheat or barley. either of them will probably have to cook longer and maybe need more liquid than rice in the same dish."
"it's going to be a great deal more than $50.00. it cost between 20 and 25 dollar to take a cab from laguardia just to manhattan in good traffic...if you hit any bad traffic...the sky's the limit. it make much more sense to fly into newark and, because newark is a much larger airport and more of hub than laguardia, the airfare may be cheaper."
"it's spelled the same way in english a in german. ""zebra."" however, the german pronunciation would be closer to ""tsay-bra"" and the r would be more liquid-sounding like in the french language."
"crock pot is a brand name. slow cooker is the generic term. slow cooker are not pressurized, that's a pressure cooker."
"distance decay refers to the decrease or loss of similarity between two observation a the distance between them increases. a negative relationship between distance and similarity is implicit in several ecological and evolutionary phenomenon (e.g., specie turnover along an environmental gradient). variation in distance decay rate are also attributable to landscape difference (such a a resistance to movement caused by size and isolation of habitats) and specie dispersal ability"
there is extra cheese in breakstone. about 3 grams.
it probably got away hopefully unharmed .......... good question by the way???? never really gave any thought to that until now...
"i have a blue bible, my sil ha a purple bible and i have friend with red bibles. not all bible are black i think you are misinformed.. . btw, bible are meant to be ""read."""
mojo...dude.... is that your cat? starting to stalk u in here now?
china town. the first place i go to everytime i visit.
"it is considered to be an irrational attitude of hostility directed against an individual, a group, a race, or their supposed characteristics. so prejudice is much more than disliking it is an unfounded hate. plain and simple it's ignorance."
it's best not to eat it because of the dairy and fat content. you are correct.
because they died their hair to make the cut? drape not matching the curtains? lmao
"a holiday maker is someone who go on a holiday. it is often a term used to refer to someone who is holidaying in one place, i.e. a package holiday. the term tourist can imply travelling around in a foreign location."
"i asked this question to my social psychology professor and she said that this is because a you spend more and more time with someone you like (and/or love), you tend to mimic their facial expressions, posture, gestures, some habit which you think are good, and even the way they walk. hence a time go by, this mimicry reshapes facial muscle and wrinkle so that their face acquire many of the same feature so they appear to look like one another."
"i wa asked this once at a bar of all places. the only answer i could reasonably come up with, being a non believer myself, yet wa raised in a religious home so i am open minded, is love.. there is no other thing god could be if he actually doe exist. that is the only thing that make sense."
why don't you try to franchise your church... . and go on tv. if you have an 800 number you can get a lot of people to send you stuff.. . good luck with your hummer
"knowledge accumulates speed with time.. the more we know the faster we advance.. . ancient roman had not yet reached the level of communication that we have had in the last 200 year .. the moment that we were connected every thing moved at increasingly faster advancement.. the one who were more advanced than the roman and had reached higher level of technology ,were the ancient greeks.check them out ,also on history channel under ,what the ancient did for us.. . but the highest level of all are supposed even earlier than that if we are to believe ancient indian legend ,and report about atlantis,ur and mu,who were supposed to have flying machine and atomic energy.. but many global disaster have obliterated any evidences,under the antarctic ice ,could still be some technological secrets,and the only evidence we have are unexplained seemingly impossible structure and giant working of stone.that must have been moved from other location ,as to how remains a mystery"
"these lady have it right... . there are iron on sheet in the computer section, and there are also program you can buy that will make it easy for you to have massive amount of image and border to apply to whatever image you want toplace on your shirts...i own a broderbund card creator that ha option for all kind of crafts, including shirts.. . i want to remind you to always reverse your image before printing. (no fun having the word you wanted to print only readable if you are standing in front of the mirror)"
"vendetta mean ""payback"" or retribution. someone ha a grievance with someone and get them back."
"well, independance day wa actually not on 4th of july, they changed the date later on. and 4th of july is about mmore of being free from england. at first it wasn't celebrated with fireworks, but, later on, they did. in boston, they used to throw tea, i don't know if they still do that, but they threw the tea because of the boston tea party, where, the americans, threw the tea that came from england, during the war, into the ocean, to show their dependance from england."
"it wa originally the virgin of the rocks, and it contained many anti-christian/satrical christian symbols. such a mary and john teaming up to behead jesus, and john praying to jesus instead of the other way around. after the catholic church found out though, da vinci wa forced to cover up the satrical symbology"
"i don't know and why don't bee live in a beeary and ape live in an apiary?. i think it's just to be confuddling to people, i think it should be a monkery."
"major physical evolution usually only happens when a specie is under stress (ie adapt or die out). if we continue to be a successful a we are now there no evolutionary pressure, we'll stay the same.. a big near-extinction event (global warming, pandemic, mega volcano etc) is what we need to really get evolution rolling. maybe see humanity diverging into distinct species.. also if we get to other planet and population get isolated it possible these people would change pretty quick and again speciation a possibility.. but a someone said 10,000 year is not a long time."
"i have known people that actually take note long hand. then transcribe them. for me i bring a copy of the adgenda; make note on that. use that a a guide, and work from there."
not all men are clueless. some get it and know how to treat a woman with respect.
"i can't speak for everyone, but i am fine...thank you.. hope you are doing ok! :)"
"you're a chameleon, so am i. i am just a comfortable with the 'intellectuals' a i am with the drunk at the corner bar. i adapt myself to the situation at hand and act accordingly. it's worked for me so far. i don't think of it a being phony, just flexible."
a front elevation is a part of a scenic design. it is a drawing of the scenic element (or the entire set) a seen from the front and ha all the measurement written on it.
do you know where she last stayed at least? it a good start from there...ask the neighbor
it ha an underlying meaning that can be interpreted to broken up to a million pieces. this can be a metaphore to describe the thesis statement of what the book is all about.
in yahoo messenger you have message archive under contact drop down menu. you can select to store message for lifetime or the time you are logged on to messenger. if not selected yahoo deletes the message that exist once you login into messenger and check them
"is the red cross society the same a our red cross here in the state ?? ( sorry, i am not sure what you are asking about) if it is, then get in touch with your local chapter house in your state and they will be able to tell you how to get in touch with them, if i am way off base here, sorry for wasting your time !! good luck"
you have to chew something while youre cutting it.. for example:. 1- insert a piece of bread in yor mouth. 2- start chewing it. 3-start cutting the onion.
"when you feel something, it is usually caused by external stimuli...and you experience it physically... eg ' adrenaline rush'. when you think, you use you perception, not visual sight, to critically analyze the subject at hand. you do not experience it physically... eg 'no adrenaline rush'"
"legal to buy tobacco, gamble in some places, to have sex. that's about it. you are considered an adult when you turn 18."
"if you're talking about being without sexual relations, it take a strong relationship to sustain both you and your partner. obviously you have to have more in common with each other than just the sex and hopefully you've gotten to the point where snuggly-time is just a good.. if this wasn't what you were talking about, then you're going to have to make yourself much more clear on what you do want."
"it is interesting, in the path of the tzedikkim it say that if you enter a poor man dwelling place and the smell is dispicable to you, then you are prideful. the question shoudln't be why do they smell a they do, but why of all the thing you could notice (in your humanity) when you see a poor man, you can only notice what is important to you."
"i guess it's because the rear is just so much more offensive than other part of the body, so when there is a rear case that is worse than other rear case -- like if someone tell a really, really bad rear joke, like ""what do the startship enterprise and toilet paper have in common?"" -- the jokester get the death penalty."
"because my friend, marihuana (the original name of pot) cause you to lose your short term memory when taken in over-the-normal-dose... hence the reason why you were super baked.... . i need my bowl back...:("
"what's the harm, when u is also part of anerica and mexico is also part of america? they are become the part and parcel of your society and enhancing your strength.. you must be thankful to them coming close to you."
...the beauty and strength that come from the wisdom of maturity. in a word age. it deffinately ha the most up side of any stage in life! it is something to look forward to... never fear.
"make them into dot points, and read them over and over and over. thats what i did when i had history exams, to remember quotes, and it worked really well."
"it mean to make one particular object larger/out of scale. it is usually done to stress the importance of that object. child do it naturally (make their mom huge in porpotion to themselves or a bird way larger than life) visual literacy naturally identifies this object a the focus. sometimes it is used a a starting point in a painting, then the eye will move around the work starting from this point."
"although there are a few street dance, hip hop video out. the best way to learn properley would be to contact your local dance centre and find out if they run any classes. dancing is great fun and a brilliant way of keeping fit so good luck!"
"the law doe not save us, faith does. faith doe not make the law invalid. we obey the law because of our faith."
"if you mean the ussr, they wanted to sever all tie to the west and western ideas. they tried to foster study in communist idea in all branch of study, including psychology. also, if you look at freud, all his idea are about individual and individual impulses, which isn't a good thing for communism."
if i remember correctly that is because europe wa the first country to instate slavery and that wa from the first european trader when they used to sail to china and stuff. i am not sure but that is how i believe it all got started.
becasue when you breathe outwards with your mouth closed the smoke come out your nose and when you exhale with your mouth open it'll usually come out the mouth unless your mouth is open but you exhale through your nose. basically the smoke come out where ever the air is leaving your body
take the fridge pack tab and bottle lid from someone who's not saving them? just ask around and see if people will save them for you.
i can anser. hi i am german but i wa born in az. it is because back than it wa 1 of the only sport back than.
"it wa located in paris and wa named after a former model who founded it in the cité, also called the ""atelier suisse"". you are correct that many of the early impressionist met there. that is all i know."
"they get temporary happiness, but never, ever joy from material stuff. it's just a security/status thing, like other thing u get temporary superficial happiness & security from - eg relationships, sex, drugs......"
"they were originally looking for a shorter, faster and safer route to india. the only route were by land which wa slow and allowed limited cargo a well a being mercy of every country and province they passed through (taxation, robbery, etc.) or they had to go by sea around africa and deal with piracy (both by foreignres and their own crew) and the weather sinking their ships."
"not at all. brandy is made out of grape, just like wine, though wine go through a different process since it is fermented not distilled. whiskey is way different from brandy since it is made out of grain (no grape involved), mainly barley. you can't make brandy from wine, you can't make whiskey from beer.. by the way, cognac is the same a brandy but it is french while brandy is from spain."
"most ritual came into practice a very long time ago so if they continue to be practiced, i would think there is something of value in them that developed out of a genuine need maybe for reason that we don't even know of today. i do think that when thing happen that just seem to be out of our control and incomprehensible to us. the fact that we have these rituals, aside from allowing u to keep busy with them and give and take comfort from others, they also have a way of giving u back some sense of control."
"i think it's a bit like going on a roller-coaster, people enjoy the thrill of being shocked. but, like every thrill, once you've done it fifty times, it isn't all that thrilling anymore. so people need bigger thrills, and the movie get more graphically intense. the new wave of computer game doe nothing to quell this..."
"i usaully just sit there and watch cause if he can abuse you in public this show me that this is a on going thing. if the police should arrive and need to know what happend i would inform them. not trying to be a hero,"
"right, greed and selfishness are the real culprits. money is the root of all evil. if not money, the greed for money. sad."
"a grave is a more general term for a place where a body is buried often, but not necessarily after a ceremony of some kind.. . a tomb refers to a structure marking a grave or graf which mean that a tomb may cover a pit in which a body is buried or it may actually contain a body or bodies. typically to be a tomb it must have wall and a roof.. . the two term are frequently used interchangeably or their meaning may be different depending upon the context of their use."
"i don't know about a web search. but i do know you can go to your county courthouse and find out. warrant are public information anyone can access. or, contact your local state police."
men have never been able to resist the teats!!
i think that maybe 10% of our opinion are of orignal thought .as you said with medium and other people there is always the perception to be better than you are... or at least be a society say we all should be. thin sexy and stupid for u woman and men need to be strong and viril and always right.. i think all ppl should disconnect from the medium and find there own way to be and act. but sadly i do not think that will ever happen.
"two slice of bread, put shredded lettuce, finely cut radish, finely cut celery, sliced tomato, slice of red pepper with a dollop of mayo.put between the slice of bread and enjoy. season if wanted with salt and pepper or parsley etc.. . two slice of bread, mix together a can of tuna and a dollop of mayo, and a third of a pack of low fat onion and chive cream cheese, put the mixture between the bread cut in half and enjoy."
i think this varies depending on where you live. where i live latin heritage face the most discrimination.
"if you put them in water, the mushroom will soak it up. dampen a kitchen towel and wipe them. tedious, but it's best!"
"i don't really think they're essential to the global eco-system. if you could magically turn all desert into plain or something, there are certain animal that you would drive to extinction, but i don't think the earth would suffer because of it..... but human would then populate vast area (like the sahara) that were previously uninhabitable, and pollute the earth even more... so if you look at it that way, they're important because they limit human expansion."
biological life begin at conception.. god ha nothing to do with it.. biological life is formed in the womb through copulation between the parents.. god activates the soul when the fetus emerges from the womb.. a he ha done since the beginning of time. genesis 2:7.
"because they dont want anyone to know where they are calling from. or, they dont want their name to come up on your caller id. or the cant afford a phone, thats why they are criminal"
you are absolutely normal...do not worry.the confidence is all about self when you think you are then you are....when you feel that you do not understand well others ....subconsciously that might affect in reality too...imagine that you are able to understand and try to concentrate a little more on others person center thought and body language...in the beginning try to understand what exactly they want to convey...do not concern about each word just try to grab the their center meaning....in the next phase u can try to concentrate on each of their words.. . try to improve you communication skill that will automatically fetch you confidence...talk to self...say the word out that will increase the efficiency in pronouncing.. watch english news in tv to know the correct pronunciation.. read news paper for correct grammar... . good luck. :)
i think it the fantacies we have built up for woman clothing and styles. the feel and txture of their clothing is so sof and silky. our fantasy turn into curiousity and pursuing the act.
"this question is genius. i never thought of it that way, but you are right!!. . i do not under stand why yahoo i s having a problem with your questions, they are funny, i think."
"in the year before the civil war, member of the abolitionist movement called for the compulsory emancipation of the slaves.. . since the story of huck finn deal with a young man forming a friendship with a slave and helping to set him free, those in society at the time not opposed to slavery might think huck a low-down abolitionist."
"you can ask them when you are checking in,but. if you have frequent flyer's credit,you can ask for upgrade. when buying your ticket."
go to the embassy and get a visitos visa. then overstay.
simple answer are often wrong answers. complexity must be addressed
"if there is news worthy general interest in the story or it ha unusual detail then it get national attention, such a the natalie holloway story. it is a mystery what happened to a very pretty young lady in a tropical island resort.. it ha to be a mystery, hopefully with a beautiful young woman who vanished, white of course. there ha to be a villanous suspect, and a family that really care and is vocal and ha some money."
i tend to go to the back and get the american express traveller cheque in pound sterling (i am from england). they usually charge £1 per £100 you take out. then when abroad either go to a bank or use the reception in your hotel. then if you are lucky enough to have saved some money when yo return to the uk and cash in your cheque you will not lose a penny.
well why not? are you suggesting it's a conpiracy and that there should be a higher percentage of white octavia crispy's?
"if you typed in english, we might be able to better understand your question.. . you're not allowed in because you're immature."
take some junk and hot glue. when you get that stuff then glue them together to look like an elephant.
"in the roman calendar, the ides of march fell on the 15th day of the roman month of martius. the word ides come from a latin word that mean ""to divide"": the ides were simply the middle of the month.. . the date is famous because julius caesar wa assassinated on the ides of march, 44 bc.. . the ides of march are celebrated every year by the rome hash house harrier with a toga run in the street of rome, in the same place where julius caesar wa killed."
being alone.i've always had a fear of being a bag lady. not having anybody to talk to or love.
i am quite sure you know john 3:16 or at least have seen or heard it many times. doesn't get much simpler then that.
"how to be a mason? you just need to know how to make thing happen, not just watch them or even don't know what happens. now i have a brilliant idea of what the mason have done, but i think many people don't concern on conspiracy theories. so if you want to be a mason, the easiest way is to be the u president and kick gw bush out of his office."
"amen girl, amen! you're right, that's not how jesus looked at all. i wouldn't be going to that church on sunday's to worship!"
"it is because it is the name of the original distiller, charles tanqueray, who wa descended from three generation of clergy from the village of tingreth in bedfordshire. it wa initially distilled in 1830."
"think of the song like ocho ocho ocho(?). a very strong beat, repeating bars, and very very easy to get stuck in your head. most make you wanna dance!"
i think you mean bacteria. . b and v are next to other on the keyboard it easy to make a mistake
"i do not believe caliph changed the quran. the quran is unchanged and there is only one version. however, in today's society, i would not surprised if arrogant people changed part of the quran or literally made up verse in order to falsely lead people to a the wrong interpretation."
"well the present day ""first world"" country belong to the so called ""first world"" only because they had these revolution long back and have now achieved political stability which ha led to economic growht.. . whreas on the other hand the third world country are still reeling under political unstability and therefore are economically weak and hence belong to the third world"
"first of all, if you make a passport. it will be illegal!. . you need go to through your local government office and apply for one legally."
"the iranian are shia.. the iraqi majority is shia, but the sunni were the ruling class, and saddam hussein's bath political party contained mostly sunni.. however, the iranian are persian suni while the iraqi's are arab suni, and while the iraq shia insurgency will accept money from iran, they do not want to mix."
nothing. it just like using the apple you would have cooked.
"an epilogue is the story after the story is done, the wrap up, if you will. it is the final word on the issue."
"the very best way of improving your skill in a language is to emmerse yourself in it.. . so to improve your english skill you could spend some time in the uk, us, or australia. there are all sort of way to do this. you could get a job in an english country or go on a holiday, maybe spend a year on some sort of gap year activity like au pair or something."
"it is just a holder or pot or anything made to hold a stick. of incense, or liquid incense, which you then light. the incense release an aroma..."
15-quinceanera it is just a coming of age- girl ha reached adulthood and sexual maturity. bigger event usually than a sweet 16. the quinceanera is usually held the saturday after the birthday
boy they closed that a long time ago...... it ha been filled in and they were using it a an . area for character meet and greets...
"i have a number one pencil. i never settle for anything le than number one. sorry, for all of you people who have to use some number two pencils."
"after the civil war, the the north had control of the south. to ascertain this control, the northerner brought their own carpet with them, because the south had wood floors, no carpet. they would wrap their furniture, belonging in their carpet to move. hence the name carpet baggers."
"this is america, why should we use a foreign measuring system? what is the matter with america staying american? why should we have to adjust to all the foreigner ways? if they come here they should adjust to our ways."
"soul,. ability to reason.. ability to speak.. ability to use hands, fingers, drive a car, hold a job."
"it's a special type of corn.. ------------. popcorn, like all six type of corn, is a cereal grain and originates from a wild grass. it scientific name is zea may everta, and it is the only type of corn to actually pop."
"or if ""faith-healers"" were la git. doesn't hurt to ask though."
it is a tradiotn by the jew that the western culture copied. this wa commanded by god to abraham to circumcised his som isaac hence done by jew ever since
"...at sci..scottsdale culinary institute, about 10,000 or le depending on the certificate you pursue.. good cooking!!!!!!!!!"
i dont know. we are pretty similar. you are bored enough to ask this question. and im bored enough to answer..........
coffee is cheaper? i don't think so. i think coffe is much more expensive than soda.
"the chemical in it stimulate your appetite. that is why there are some medical purpose for pot. the red eye part varies with individuals, like any drug it effect your whole body."
it can give you kidney stone if you drink too much of it. nothing wrong with canned soda though.
"church is a people who have a personal relationship with jesus christ.. . just because a person doe not go to a building to worship doe not mean they are not a christian, but we are to gather togather in order to uplift and encourage one another."
"it is a bad word used in turkish literature.don't say gavat for any turk.they can beat you very badly. gavat is a man who sell his wife ,girlfriend or sister."
i assume you mean minutia. it mean small or trivial details.
"i believe that you are refering to dana carvery's ""church lady"" sketch on saturday night live. he no longer is on the show each week, and no one else could pull that character off."
"because god willed. why is fish in water and not on shore, it is god's will. if god decides one day that all the creature on earth will have to move to moon. he will do so."
i am also bitter and feel the same way you feel. thats why i go for my prayer every day.
there are a lot of people on this site like that. i don't think there is really anything you can do about people like that except just keep reporting them.
de-alcoholized wine mixed with different juices. will taste like champagne cocktails.
"referencing is doen in the middle of your paper (me 106).. bibliography is at the end.. . thompson, jessica. ""how to write stuff."" learning house: new york, 2006."
"beaf ????? no idea, beef on the other hand with a sharp knife and get the info from your local butcher."
try being friendly. don't focus on yourself so much. show interest in others. learn to listen.
"a volcano is a geological landform usually generated by the eruption through a planet's surface of magma, molten rock welling up from the planet's interior. other form of volcano include ice volcano (particularly on some moon of jupiter, saturn and neptune) and mud volcanoes. on earth, volcano tend to occur near the boundary of crustal plates. important exception exist in hotspot volcanoes, which occur at location far from plate boundaries; hotspot volcano are also found elsewhere in the solar system, especially on it rocky planet and moons."
"i realize this will be quite difficult, but you will have to do a little more ""dirty hands"" research and dig up some information such a the name of the company who owned the ship, or where it wa built, etc. in order to find your info. i have seen lot of info about ship-owning family and companies, but few ship's name (except very famous ones) actually appearing in web searches. good luck!"
"atheist r just a moral a religious people. why r u assuming atheist r not moral? they haven't got anything against people being moral they just don't believe in god. i agree there r some that r unnecessary insulting and rude, but not all r like this some make some interesting points."
"either hilton but hilton doesnt have a beach, however it in a convinent location, they have a blue club it ok, or mariot neways it crystal palace they have nice food there. but mostly i guess u would have to go to clubs, most hotel have a map and a guide of what u can do while ur in the bahamas."
check with your local kiwanis club and see if they're sponsoring anyone to study overseas. you can also check with your language department and see what program are available.. my step sister is going to germany in august and will be living with 7 different host family for the 9 month she is there.. you also might want to check into being an au pair.
"i would venture a guess to say because lemon's are expensive and to make a full thing of lemon juice it would take a lot of lemons, but cleaning product are trying to use the natural characteristic of lemon not just the taste so they need to use the real thing. and dishwashing liquid probably ha very little lemon in it"
"just fold your tounge back with two fingers, one at each side of your mouth. then blow. very simple to do."
i think god will let you know that you are getting ready to die. that is why so many people try to forgive their people before the go.
"automotive airbrushers are out there, to be sure...but in your area? i really don't know. i guess the first thing i'd look for is there a store where you are, or near there that caters more towards airbrush artist (rather than just artist in general, or people who do crafty type stuff)...i'd talk to them...see who they know.. possibly advertise in an airbrush magazine that you get there?"
canary were used to detect gas leaks. if they died then the miner would run out of the mine. so i would say it mean that you would be a sacrifice
"two longs, one short, one long blast on the horn for a crossing signal. it sound like morse code, but is probably older. this is one of many train horn or whistle signals.. . for a more complete list of those used by the union pacific, see the first site below:"
i dont think this is a valid term in clinical psychology. this is the kind of junk you get from buying pseudo-psychology books.have a nice day
"a eulogy is a funeral oration given in tribute to a person or people who have recently died. it can also praise a living person or people who are still alive, which normally take place on special occasion like birthday etc"
"shallot are formed more like garlic than onions, with a head composed of multiple cloves, each covered with a thin, papery skin. the skin color can vary from pale brown to pale gray to rose, and the off-white flesh is usually barely tinged with green or purple. the two main type of shallot are the jersey or ""false"" shallot (the larger of the two) and the more subtly flavored ""true"" shallot."
"some people give rude answer because the question seems very stupid to them. some people try to amuse others with funny answer like on ""hollywood squares"" other people give rude answer like insulting the questioner because they think it is amusing to be rude to stranger especially when they are anonymous and nobody can deck them for it. a very cowardly activity for cowardly rude people."
are you mentally handicapped. this is how the described zero back in my granddaddy day...(). woooooooo!
either 'beautiful'(spanish) or a short form of belinda or melinda. it can also mean 'snake' or 'serpent' from germanis 'linds'. the serpent signified wisdom in germanic legend.
well for a short answer - we're human!. and if we didnt have want and desire we wudnt be working to achieve or strive for it.. . if ppl werent materialistic...it wud be an perfect world..but wud a perfect world actually be an ideal world?
most likely we will succumb to some religious nut that think that god want him to kill those that don't believe a he does. . . cheers!
"dusk. it's just so different... poetic. specially if it's humid or rainy.. there's nothing a wonderful a arriving to your house after a hard, long day, just to be able to sit there to read a book, see the slow dissapearance of daylight, and hear the sound of rainfall and nature."
"advanced driving or defensive driving is a form of training for motor vehicle driver that go beyond mastery of the rule of the road and the basic mechanic of driving. it aim is to reduce the risk of driving by anticipating dangerous situations, despite adverse condition or the mistake of others. this can be achieved through adherence to a variety of general rules, a well a the practice of specific driving techniques."
"dunno, and i bet his cat cant eat a whole watermelon like mine!!"
salt extract the water from your body and so your body reaces by needing more water. that is what i think.
"yummmmmmmmy! you should try it at least once! but don't ever buy ""cheap"" sushi (grocery store)and always go to a restaurant where it is prepared in front of you."
"because it is. conflict is in others word a problem, a dispute where there is disagreement or misfortune. give me an example where conflict is positive. sure, it may lead to a positive outcome, but while conflict is present, the motif are never on the plus side."
the weather will be in the mid 20's. nice and warm. hope you enjoy your trip- you'll love it here!
"dial 00111 then the area code and number in austin that you want to reach. . . (in general austin phone number are in area code 512, so you most likely need to dial: 00111 512 + the seven digit number)"
"i think it is like a child that hears , but doe not nescessary listen.can i give an example ? the parrable of the sower : if we know that the earth which is being talked about is the mind of man,we have the spiritual knowledge, and if we hear the word (seed ), we allow it to grow, and do which is good , that show we have the spiritual understanding a well."
"thats a funny question,i've worked with a lot of irish. people and have found most of them are very easy going,hard working peopleand fun to be with"
i believe that we are all here for a purpose. and we have our whole life to figure out what that purpose is and until you find out that that is you will keep coming back. i've talked to a few ppl that have said that they also believe in past life and having a purpose of being here.]. have you ever had that feeling of when you have come across a total stranger but yet feel like you've met before?
"love. when mama is cooking, she put her love in a the main ingredient and that's what make her food delicious!"
"well, apparently, in the view of evolution, our jaw used to be wider, and teeth stronger (in the caveman period). a we discovered fire, and started to actually cook meat, our jaw over time became smaller, and teeth le durable. not sure if that answer your question."
"it is mathematics. the statement ""what on earth is logarithm"" to me mean the same a ""what is a logarithm"". you could also say ""what in the world is a logarithm"". it is spelled logarithum."
"to me it mean an irresponsible, careless and insensitive, ignorant person who i somehow can't stop loving despite all he's put my family through. i am thankful for him, because i can use him a a ""what not to..."" guide to enhance my parenting skills, should i have kids."
in order to stay motivated you have to focus. that is the key! stay focused!!!!!!!
"if you don't know anybody who smoke pot then really your gunna have a hard time trying to find some a dealors don't tend to sell to people who they don't know. on the other hand i dont really see why you want to start anyway, i mean yeah it doe get you high but if you've lasted this long without it then im pretty sure that you could carry on without it. all you need to do is think well what is the real reason i want to start smoking pot, if you come up with nothing then you should'nt start but if it just through curiosity then i highly recommend that you do it with a close friend so that he can keep an eye on you while you smoke for the first time. oh yeah & watch out for the munchies mate they really do hit you hard when you first start to smoke."
"people from all religions, races, castes, creeds, nation are hypocrites, why just christians? no exception to this eternal truth.. . i am not a christian or a follower of the book or it's variants."
a shot of whiskey and sour mix. garnished with a cherry and orange.
"drive-up atm button are marked with braille because federal regulation require it.. . section 4.34.4 of the ada accessibility guideline for building and facility (appendix to part 1191, 36 cfr chapter xi, issued pursuant to the american with disability act of 1990) says, ""instructions and all information for use [of an automated teller machine] shall be made accessible to and independently usable by person with vision impairments."". . drive-up atms, unlike the walk-up variety, don't need to be wheelchair accessible, but the rule make no exception regarding accessibility by the blind."
"you don't really see or tell if you're a good illustrator or not. every artist ha their own different and unique style, so your question is a matter of opinion. if you think your illustration are great, that's what you think, and i'm sure there are many out there who would appreciate your artwork, too. :) good luck!"
you dont really you just learn to love the squeak!!!
if you just start ignoring or ask them to stop advicing that would be a little harsh and harm your personality....just stay cool and try to prevent them in a decent way...the moment they start give a smile and say thank q....that should help.... . :)
"supposedly to take care of earth and gods' creations, but were more likely destroying them one by one ^_^. and building up more of our own pollution causing creations."
"samuel wa the last in a line of ""judges"" (a ""spiritual leader"" of the hebrews). following samuel wa the first king of israel: saul.. . not sure what your looking for beyond that. the transfer from samuel to saul denotes the people's desire to move from a theocracy to a monarchy."
"it depends on what you mean. biologically, fruit are edible part of a plant or tree that contains the seeds. this would include, for instance, tomatoes. but in term of cooking and diet, fruit are sweet vegetable food that usually grow on trees, such a apple and plums."
a very exciting place.. . land of opportunities.. . the country
"plan not good enough or murphy's law!. . murphy's law: if something can go bad, it will sometime!"
i think nothing will happen. for few day it will be boring and after that everyone will adopt according to the situation even though they never liked that. and also afterall wine is not a matter for human to live in this world :-)
"have you ever heard that song ""silver and gold""? by burl ives.. it's a christmas song and the song is so true!"
"1)lunch with nice people.. 2)i'm a vegetarian, no people for me thanks, even if they are nice. :-)"
"""bierfassl"" mean ""(little) beer barrow"" in german, but it is not standard german: ""-l"" at the end is a diminutive found in southern german dialects, such a bavaria or austria, maybe also switzerland, but i doubt it.. . the standard german word for ""beer barrow"" is ""bierfass"".. the standard german word for ""little beer barrow"" is ""bierfässchen""."
"the horn signified strength and glory. she wa vindicated because up till this point she had not had child in a time where that wa considered a curse. by having a son, she wa vindicated and said this a a way of saying ""thank you"" to god for doing so."
"why should they want to, when they have already turned their own life into one long hell ?!"
"i'm from an asian country and in some area we have the same belief (pretty much, but with a little bit of tweaking). some relate it to gambling or having something pas or touch your fingers. maybe it's the sensation that caused the belief."
"send me $10,000 and i will tell you how to do it. seriously; don't you think that if this were really possible that people would be doing it all the time? don't listen to these imbeciles. not one of several self proclaimed mentalists ha ever passed scientific scrutiny including the modern father of the movement uri gellar."
"well, it's a story of adventure and love and courage and an imperfect man trying to find his way. . . but more than the event that happen it's a metaphor for the journey that all of u go through in life when we try to push the limit of our own mortality, question the authority of a higher power, lose sight of what's really important in life, take an unexpected path and are both rewarded and suffer for it, but hopefully, eventually, find our way home again to our real purpose and meaning."
"they're not. elizabeth taylor, natalie wood, cher, joan collins, j lo and many others have or had brunette hair. the preference for blonde hair get a lot of attention, but a far a i'm concerned, it's over rated."
"they do it through taxes. it's called free public education, food stamps, wic program, and other social programs."
"""psychological problem"" cover a wide area, but the real crazy are easy to spot. look for inappropriate behavior, repetitive movements, talking loudly to themselves (check for cell phone first!), or just plain bizarre behavior that just doesn't fit the situation."
some people have one set thing in the mind and are not open to others beliefs. i am christian but on the other hand try to be open minded about others religion to.
"it's a fold in origami, and the most natural one to do. to do a valley fold, fold the paper so that the edge come towards you and the fold is away from you, like an open book."
"because they think they're better than everyone else? and why would they think that, maybe because they can't find anything in thr world to excel at, so they try to show that they're better than the rest.."
"sex and my dog. and no i'm not doing it with my dog because i have a partner. when my dog wag his tail and doe his antics, i'm relieve off my stress. when my partner wag his ""tail"", then that's when my fun really begins."
"i loved the book, my only complaint wa that it didn't seperate what wa true history and what wa speculation. i felt the movie did a great job seperating the two without ruining the story.. . it about a harvard professor and a cryptologist trying to solve a murder with clue left within da vinci's art. with solving the murder come a secret that the church is trying to hide and would kill to protect."
"teacher determine if you pas your class or not. it's always best to be wary and not necessarily be teacher pet, but rather, attempt to get them on their good side. trust me. it's easier to do a class if everyone follows the teacher correctly."
"because they are human being , regardless of what other people think about them , that doe not make them any le humans, of course some like hitler will disagree with me , but then again i wander to what type of person would one to become like him , you see the worst mistake a person can do is to think what they believe is right and absolute , a woman were once consider inferior , or people from other ethnic , hell even cristian's were discriminated a well , so . why would one decide another group of people different than the one we are in are so diferent than u"
pretty much like us. cro - magnons were virtually anatomically modern humans. it's a fairly arbitrary distinction
"you need to ask the post office for a mail redirection form. fill it out, pay your money, and voila! there you go, your mail will go from your old place to your new one."
"just knuckle down and face them. you'll feel better afterwards. you might still be a little freaked out by whatever your fear is, but you'll know that you can overcome it."
"it custom and considered mannerly.. . originaly, if a virgin sneezed three time without being blessed, the faery folk could take her."
"somethign i've always said and to some degree live by:. . ""there is no such thing a 'truth', only common perception."""
"i think you mean 'anachronism':-. . an anachronism (from the greek ana, ""against,"" and chronos, ""time"") is something that is out of it proper time. for example, if a play set during the roman republic portrays a person using an electronic computer, the computer is an anachronism."
maybe a woman is his favorite theme in painting. probably he adores women.
"try rand mcnally's website. i always use it when i plan road trips, because you can enter in multiple town for a customized itinerary."
"1. a member of a western christian church whose faith and practice are founded on the principle of the reformation, especially in the acceptance of the bible a the sole source of revelation, in justification by faith alone, and in the universal priesthood of all the believers."
"rubber is the sap of the rubber tree. it's harvested, dried, kneaded, and baled into raw rubber. it's then sent to plant which treat it with chemical and heat for it's eventual application."
"in order to satisfy one' ego one feel that he is superior to others and start looking others a inferior to him.it will not stop there.another reason is we are conditioned to know that white is superior to black and begin hating the black people and love white skinned people. one more reason is if one group of people is in possession of wealth, and power, it treat others a inferior to them."
"a often a possible. also, let scripture interpret scripture, not man interpret scripture."
it really stem from conservative unintelligent fat parent who are too lazy to teach their child or watch them. . we just had 3 greek nude statue removed from our shopping center because a lot of mom's were offended. they never have traveled the world because in most nation nudity is in advertisement and in art.. mostly it stem from their lack of confidence w/ themselves and their own body.
"your argument are not cogent: even if you assume a a given that the brain and mind are the same, it doe not follow that everything is causally connected to the brain/mind.. it is not correct to assume that the thought or idea that form in your brain are seeded by physical events. it is well-established that order can be imposed externally (that is, a result can be predictable) even from a ""system"", such a the brain, which at some level of decomposition can be conceived a a system of ""chaotic"" elements."
you have to create your profolio first. usually they want to see different style from your work so that they will match your style to the magazine to see if they want your work.
"a white wedding is a term for a traditional formal or semi-formal wedding in british and american, a well a commonwealth, traditions. bride in many other country are adopting this traditional white dress. this term refers to the white colour of the wedding dress, which became popular in the victorian era and came to symbolize purity of heart and the innocence of childhood. later attribution suggested that the colour white symbolized virginity."
"when you stop asking this of others, and start trying to do some real soul-searching about your own ability and limitations, you'll be taking your first step in the right direction !. improving your communication skills, cultivating a genuine interest in what make others 'tick', plus adopting an 'i know my own job, because i've been in your shoe too !' attitude, will also help."
"i choose to respect others belief but personally i think religion is the source of all evil,most war are to do with religions.i believe in myself and treat people a i like to be treated so consider myself respectful of others(more than most religious people do)!!!"
"just my opinion... i always thought of hillbilly a just backward people who live out in the woods, just people who don't know about the rest of the world and don't care. (like the beverly hillbillies). to me redneck are more mean and agressive, maybe racists, thing like that.. just my thought - don't anybody yell at me."
"to create balances.. . if we have an unjust society, there will be no order because of the lack of balance. if one commits murder and get a slap on the hand a a punishment while another person steal some bubble gum and get sentenced to death, then the balance will create an unruly society.. . that's my theory."
"those are not bad numbers, you gotta look at the hight too. she might be a little thick, but still alright.. . i have no idea what 20cm breast look like, i've never gone metric with titties."
jew have jewfros. african american and other race have afros.
there is nothing wrong with either. if someone can't handle criticism or praise then the fault lie with the person.
"♡looks like the japanese kanji for the word ""mother"" - ""haha"" 母 i live in japan. hope this helps!♡. edit: i suggest that people check the japanese or chinese character for tattoo before having it done to make sure it mean what you'd like it to."
jst take a carboard n wrap it around d paintng. i mean jst put it on both d side n thn wrap in a paper
"you beat up the ingredient ie double cream,sugar, egg and your favourite flavouring ie maple syrup,chocolate, strawberry etc. put it in the freezer (ice box) when it start to get ice crystals, take it out and beat it agin. put it back until frozen and enjoy!"
"for other uses, see mormon (disambiguation).. mormon is a colloquial term used to refer to adherent of the latter day saint movement, and most commonly to the movement's original and largest group, the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints. the term is derived from the book of mormon, which joseph smith claim to have translated from ancient plate containing a history of the early inhabitant of the america that wa compiled by a prophet called mormon. some mainstream christian group consider mormonism a a cult."
pickles? doe anyone actually do their own canning anymore?
"tell her that you really care about her but not like a girlfriend and instead of hurting her by letting her think you like her you thought it would be better if you told her how you really feel. tell her you cherish her friendship and you hope that you guy can at least be friends, that you have grown to love her a a friend and that mean a lot to you. and that you are just trying to be honest. tell her that any relationship is based on honesty that is why you are telling her."
"hopefully to learn tolerance, and to love and be loved. other than that (oh and that's right 42) i find no sense out of all the religious superiority."
"the difference is that pregnant is a word and impregnant isn't. there *is* a word ""impregnate"" meaning to make a woman pregnant. is that what you meant?"
it is beacause of the high caffeine level in mountain dew. some state in the usa don't sell it either. some country sell a different version of it with le caffeine.
it is a place in jamaica. . the definition of the word is-any way of thinking that give pleasure a central role. basically associated with pleasure and often with unethical act
"t estimo is catalan for i love you. catalan is a language related but distinct from spanish and french spoken by 7 million people in andorra, spain, france and italy."
muslimah wear regular clothing under them. whatever you want.
it a red berry flavored syrup used to enhance mixed drinks. non acholic.
and what are you talking about ?. who is guido?
"it could be that some of them figure that if you're successful living your life the way they tell you to, maybe they'll try it for themselves. in other words, they want you to play the role of the guinea pig. who really knows?"
plug your ipod into your computer. open ituens. drag your mp3 file into your itunes and onto your ipod any your done.
"food network had a special ""unwrapped"" episode on this very subject (only with 31 flavors, i would assume dairy queen is the same or similar process). they bake the cake part, then set it on a plate placing a form around the cake which rise like 2 1/2 inch above the top of the cake. then they get a chosen flavor of ice cream which ha mildly softened so that they can easily scoop and press the ice cream in to the form over the cake. freeze it for a while then use a special icing made from whipped cream and icing to cover the whole thing like a normal icing would, then decorate."
"violence and killing is an admission of failure to communicate with reason and logic. . . at times, humanity is the least humane of all species."
"meditation, deep breathing, or self hypnosis, lot of practice. drumming or rhythm are great trance inducers, however since you asked for no stimuli, quiet yourself enough to tune into the rhythm of your heartbeat. also if you roll your eye up in your head, slightly up & crossed a if you were trying to see out of your ajna chackra (third eye) you put gental pressure on your pineal gland, and that can quickly induce a trance state, however it can be uncomfortable to hold that position for long without practice. just like meditation, build up slowly ... start with 5 minute and try to go longer from there,,"
"very few publication pay for poetry, none online that i know of. purchase the 2006 poet's market- available at amazon for $16.50.. . if you're looking to make money, find another way. if you want to publish, i'm afraid you'll have to settle for free issue of small publications..."
"shakespeare wrote tragedy to explore the darker side of human nature: othello explores jealousy; macbeth explores ambition (and the whispering in the ear of a more ambitious wife); king lear explores madness; hamlet dig deep into procrastination and the nature and consequence of man's actions. these, and all the theme of the lighter play and the chronicling of the histories, are what make him great."
"besides the obvious problem of posioning crops, people and pets, the use of pesticide may get into the water table and posion the drinking water of an area. another problem, a seen with the use of ddt in the 1960's is that there wa a high incidence of birth defect among animal that lived in treated areas. still one other effect is that the use of pesticide may throw off the food chain by eliminating a possible food source. if that happens, then there is a possiblity of losing an entire animal population in the area treated wit pesticides."
"im in queensland,,,beautiful one day perfect the next !. hot and sunny here today."
"a tragic hero is an honorable protagonist with a tragic flaw, also known a fatal flaw, which eventually lead to his demise. the concept of the tragic hero wa created in ancient greek tragedy and defined by aristotle."
"go to search and you can either type their name, their myspace name, or the email address. then it will show a list of people and you can narrow it by the zip code along with the number of mile from that zip."
because he ha more of a box office draw. movie have everything to do with money and nothing to do with acting abilities!
a contradiction is two or more opposing statement on the same subject. a paradox is a situation where the existence of one preclude the possiblity of the others.
"honestly, i think it people become ""quitters"" because of how they were brought up. i think that people who had parent that discouraged their natural curiosity or shamed them, grow up to be people afraid to try, with lack of determination. so, in a nutshell i think it ha to do with early childhood experience and development."
it's not french. it look like it might be creole.
u entered the kitchen??????...then u must have definately made bheeja fry!!!!
everyone's being put down. if you're so sure of being on the truth why doe it bother you?
"the word is not 'in subordinated'. it is a combine word 'insubordinated', which is a past tense of the word insubordinate.. . insubordinate mean irregularly trying to work at your own discretion while you are meant to work a per the order of your bosses. in other word 'not working in the subordination of your bosses', which you are expected to do a per your job requirements."
"right on!!. they are entitled to there opinion but i wish they would stop cramming it down our throats. . (not that i don't know xian that don't bother trying to convert me, but the majority do)"
a lot. the former deal with archive and the later with culture
"perception, process by which sensory stimulation is organized into usable experience. on a fairly simple level, perceptual psychology investigates such question a how a frog distinguishes fly from the thousand of other object in it world. on the more complex human level, perceptual psychology attempt to unravel such question a how the brain translates stationary flashing light into an illusion of motion, or how an artist responds to colour or shape and translates them into painting."
"the instruction should be on the package. it's 1 cup water, 1/2 cup oat 1 pinch salt, microwave for 60 seconds."
because it wanted health insurance and union wages. either that or it didn't want to be a part of canada. depends on which union you mean.
because they are not considered a sexual object. although they may be a little gross....
"athena wa the goddess of wisdom, practical skill and prudent warfare. in all of the greek myth she is simply referred to descriptively a 'grey-eyed', in much the same way a you might describe the goddess uma thurman a blue-eyed."
you could be a sociologist or go into a field associated with medicine such a a radiology tech. teaching or the peace corp are other good choices.
"the classical dichotomy theory refers to the division between real and nominal variable in economics. real variable a output, unemployment, or real interest rate do not necessarily have to be influenced by change in nominal variables, a most importantly the nominal money supply. change in the money supply therefore do not - according to the strict dichotomy - influence real variable (monetary neutrality). the classical dichotomy wa central to the thinking of early economist (money a a veil)."
both are irritating but i think i will prefer bible. i know how to hurl it back without being actually violent or breaking any law in retaliation.
"the trouble is, we who don't believe in the bible will be in bad shape if the religious right get it way and take over our government, and institute the bible a law. that's why we fight against it now, trying to help stave off that eventuality."
"i actually know this one.. . teflon will stick to teflon. so, the chemist that first invented teflon created another teflon material that with proper installation will stick to metal.. . after this process is done the regular teflon can be applied and you have a non-stick pan."
"by following the old testament law to the best of our ability. when we slip up, follow a process of repentence which includes recognizing the mistake, internalizing the effect of that mistake, resolving not to repeat it and making restitution, if possible. if the 'sin' is against a fellow human being, asking that person for forgiveness, a well."
"chicken. so versatile, low in fat, high in protein, healthy..."
"this expression originated in the united state in about 1900. the phrase may have some latin connection. when a roman boy wa in trouble, he cried ‘patrue mi patruissime’ (‘uncle my best of uncles’)."
the slang word rube wa here long before rube goldberg adopted it a his moniker.. . rube is old circus sideshow slang for rubber neck. it a reference to people from the hick who will pay money to look at anything.. people when they lean over to take a closer look very often will stretch their neck out hence the term rubber neck.
jesus did a lot just to fulfill the prophecy's of the old testament. it's good to question things. if the book can't stand up to our question it's not worth the paper it printed on.
my experience ha been that people don't bother with god when they are doing well and are eager to pray and wail when thing are going badly (and blame god). but it's like that in real life - people are so eager to blame their parent or the government for their cruddy life but take full credit for when thing are going right. it's just human nature.
if this is what is worrying you so? can we trade places?
can't imagine why they would face north. wouldn't moss grow on their faces?
"poor mr sniff.. if you love him you will just tell him that he look like a muppet. just let him know that you still love him but that is time that he had a new outfit. and to make he happy put his old jumper on mr snot, so he can see how bad it looked, and then he can take the pi*s out of him."
"i know, that's dumb isn't it? with all the emphasis on saving energy you'd think that would be something you see every where."
"1. neuro-linguistic patterning is a useful model of belief and technique that offer a way to use the mind and body to achieve excellence in learning, business, counseling, relationships, sport and other experience of life.. . 2. process of guiding a subject to review current thought, behaviour, and linguistic patterns. by discovering personal pattern and removing self-induced limits, new level of awareness and personal effectiveness can be achieved"
"people from rio have been called carioca since 1834. before that they were called fluminenses (that is still the name of a football team) a all the people from the state of rio. this because rio in latin is called flumen.. there are 2 theory about the word carioca. the first is the one you wrote about the tupi language, (cari=white, oca=house) but the other one make more sense. it say that it come from the acará, a fish that is very common in the water of rio."
i think we should be. i can't think of any reason not to be friend with anybody.
"he died so we wouldn't face eternal damnation for our sins. he wa a sinless being who accpted his fate so that the rest of man could have everlasting life. what a sacrifice, i appreciate it every day."
because they are idiots. christian are people that are so dependant on the perfect image of god to make themselves feel better and give them hope. to them the da vinci code prof certain point of their guide to life are wrong and it is like they can't survive without it. so they choose to turn the other cheek and follow blindly.
"the link below ha information, including a timeline, that you might want to check out. it is brief and to the point!"
"potato salad is able to trace it origin to germany before the turn of the 17th century, where it first became popular to use vinegar and spice on the potato a side to a meal. the salad ha a bite to it and is served warm a often a not."
"it ha to be strong enough. but dimension will depend what kind of thing make these 20 kg. one thing if you bring stone collection, another - if tea sample for a fair..."
"i don't know if we can change anyone a such, but you can help someone understand the importance (and primacy) of spiritual value a compared to materialistic ones. (without spiritual value the material value become empty and meaningless.)"
be honest if shes your freind you should be able to tell them these thing also tell her you would expect her to do the same and if you hadnt of said you were worried youd fall out and you didnt want that to happen . good luck .
"containment. the u had a containment policy on communism. communism must continue to grow to be effective so the u had a policy that when and where we could we would contain communism to it current geography and chinese communism began to spread into the korean peninsula thus our policy wa to go in and stop it advance, this is the same policy that led u to vietnam"
you need to see a doctor badly for a physical examination and ignore any attempt at on-line diagnosis. i hope all go well for you.
"minimally, sherbert is made of fruit juice, water or milk, and sugar. you mix everything and freeze it in an ice cream freezer. beyond that, you can add anything you want (or nothing else at all--why complicate your own life?!)."
"i prefer nudity, i hate the confines of clothes, but we do need to wear them for obvious reasons. if you saw the movie- failure to launch- the dad wanted his son out because he always dreamed of a naked room. good for him, i want a naked room!!"
"osiris played a very important role in ancient egypt and this carried over into the ritual and belief of egyptian much later, a well. it wa because of the legend of osiris that egyptian believed they had the right to be transformed and to live in the afterlife"
"is that the truth?. well going on most of the question here it probably because they would if they could, and man wouodn't have stopped long enough to gain any inteligence."
"it's actually only look that white, i have a lot of goth friend and they wear cloths, and die their hair so they look paler. plus the lack of sun contact helps. your makeup also matters, but it's not white it's the dark colors."
"kind of nice to see that im not the only one addicted to coke-classic,,,cant remember the last time i drank water????? cheers....lol..."
"in farsi, hale shoma chetor hast? or friendlier you can ask,chetory?"
"no meaning.. what else have meaning?. if meaning is a kind of characteristic definition of external object , and if , life is not an external object , then ,, life have not meaning.. if you are an external object, then your life , could be define characteristic."
"""comes red"" i think you need to refrase your question. i think the answer would include that through osmosis water move into tissue with salt in them to make them puffy which irritates you to make you rub them and irritate them even more thus sending them a pinky/red colour. i think it also ha something to do with adrenaline which is realised with the strong emotion which caysed you to cry and pump blood more, increase breathing etc."
"i really don't think that you can honestly classify those that adore hitler a ""people"".. . but yes there are some.. . why, hate, bigotry, anger, feeling of inadequacy, need i go on?"
"chicken fried steak or country fried steak is a food preparation associated with soul food and southern u.s. cuisine, particularly texas. it is a piece of beef steak, coated and fried a if it were a piece of fried chicken."
a stiffening batten is usually just a piece of wood that it used to help give some strength to a muslin flat or otherwise 'flimsy' piece of scenery. it's usually nothing smaller than a 1x3.
spray it with wd-40 and rub with your fingers. it will ball-up and come off with little effort and no damage. also work on plastic ware and other things.
"apodosis is a greek word and it mean yield, rendering, giving back. come out from two word apo(=from) and dosis(=giving)."
i hate broccli too. i hate it because it might taste like nothing but for that reason it taste like nothing it's gross. it need's more flavor.
"try this rhyme.... . hey diddle diddle, the plate's in the middle, the cow jumped over the moon. the fork's on the left, the knife's on the right, on the inside of the spoon."
"say, ""i have a group of charity that i support, and at this time i can't support your group a well. i would like you to remove me from your calling list, and if i am able to support your charity in the future i will phone you. thank you."""
"newgate wa the name of the prison in london. a newgate romance is a romance -- not necessarily a tale of love, but a heightened tale of adventure, etc. -- set in whole or in part in newgate prison. begining in the 18th century and continuing later, there were many popular tale about famous highwayman and bandit who ended up in newgate, such a dick turpin or jack sheppard, who at one time broke out of newgate."
"the were already friend when they met d'artagnan. they all had been musketeer in the king's guard for years, so they knew each other very well, had a lot of adventure together."
"because meat is flesh of a dead body....heard of eating dead bodies....meat eaters,in my opinion do that.i hope not to hurt anyone's feelings...was just answering your question. i can eat dead veg raw.. i dont have to..... cook them ...add spice to them....just eat them...eat them raw....it wont hurt you so long a it is edible, eat them raw.."
"i think it depends....if you're home, better to wash hands,face and feet....you will feel a good change.... . if you're out, i think,the best way is to keep your mind busy with something different...or reading while having deep breath.... . the golden rule is: try not to get mad..."
"they may not recognize that there is a difference. or they may want to keep it open - to be interpreted ""god a you believe him."""
"smoking peaplae is morally wrong...unless you have a permit and then it is sanctioned.. one may not smoke peaplae in a boat, due to legal consideration related to ancient maritime codes.. personally i find the peaplae from argentina to be of the best quality- tho that from the australian outback is rapidly closing the gap on quality. one should never smoke peaplae with a canadian, unless you do so with a french accent.. smoking peaplae on a plane is ok, if you restrict it consumption to the port side loo."
"""what specifically cause poltergeist activities?"". . alcohol and/or overactive imagination"
maybe you could help her find her own style since you have an eye for fashion. she may not know who she is yet and is intrigued by someone who is so secure in who they are. take her shopping one day and make suggestion on what outfit would suit her best.
fill yourself with knowledge and find out the person that you want to be. sometimes you can't just be an intellectual...sometimes people are just born with it.
partly because the summer month are the most expensive time to travel and secondly because of the high gas prices. airplane use a lot of fuel!
"the extant egyptian pyramid have inspired the imagination of those who looked upon them probably from the time they were first erected. they serve a a testament to the creativity and ability of human beings. they have also inspired some shall we say, creative, theory regarding how and why they were built.. they serve a visible reminder of a great civilization that rose and fell thousand of year ago and a a reminder that people can achieve immortality in memory through their works."
religious fanaticism. more people have been viciously slaughtered in the name of a merciful god than have died of any other cause throughout history.
"usually it ""are you a friend of dorothy?"". quite a bit outdated from when homosexuality wa a criminal offence and you could be jailed. but it wa code for those in the know, if someone wa gay or not. and it wa a wizard of oz reference."
"im not sure how strong a human would be, because ant are srtonger than humans, in proportion to there size. an ant can lift something like, 100 time it's body weight. don't quote me on that, i could be wrong about the number, but i know it's something rather large."
"in hinduism the significance of black colour is -power.power of purity,truth.power of god.believe and reverance of people.it is the colour of indian godess-'maa kalka'.. it of course symbolises the happy futureeven the life is blessed by the god itelf."
hmmm...i have noticed that. i mean ya my last boyfriend wa an athiest and im pretty sure i wasnt his religion but he wa into the computer. . you have a point...
"only dip french fry in ketchup if you are utterly in love with ketchup or they are the most horrible tasting fry ever! if they're tasty fries, don't put ketchup on! enjoy the potato"
take a speech class. that will help. read self improvement book also.
desperado mean a violent and reckless person who performs some spectacular feats.. but if you mean esperanto then it is the most widely spoken constructed international language.
no tv dinner is actually good for you. it all processed food.
"there are certain fruit company that allow you to order, and ship fruit online. but, you may have to order a specific amount."
"this phrase wa used in the story and the film ""brokeback mountain"" by annie proulx. it's a euphemism for anal sex between men. the penis being the stem, and the anus being the rose, also sometimes variously referred to a a rosebud. to ""stem the rose"" would be to put the stem back on the rose."
first and foremost i read for enjoyment. book can help you escape a mundane existence - they can educate you - they can entertain you - they can thrill you - they can frighten you - they can expand your horizon - they can expand your vocabulary - they can relax you - they can make you tense - they can be what you look forward to opening first chance you get - they can be sadly missed once you have finished the last chapter - they can be revisited like an old friend - and they can make you knowledgeable on an awful lot of subject - and they can adorn your bookshelves. take your pick!
"the u didn't acquire the land. the english government acquired the land, and then people started settling there to escape persecution (pilgrims and such). 150 year later, the descendant of the settler decided that paying tax to a monarchy 3000 mile away wa pretty dumb, so they made their own country."
"it depends if you mean the magnetic pole of nth and sth or the electricity pole that line the street and hold up the electric cables. . . bit of trivia - in south australia, the electricity pole are called ""stobie poles"" because they are cement pole invented by mr stobie."
"by trusting in what jesus christ done on the cross. he died for our sins, he wa buried and took our sin away and rose again the third day for my justification. 1 corinthian 15: 2 by which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what i preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain. 1 corinthian 15:3 for i delivered unto you first of all that which i also received, how that christ died for our sin according to the scriptures; 1 corinthian 15:4 and that he wa buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures:"
it is a berry grown mostly in eurpoe also known a a currant. and is used in jam a well a alcoholic beverage such a creme d' cassis
"we are all spiritual persons, however some need to belong to organization and to be read to from a book of rule and regulations, they feel more confident with a set of rules. spiritual people are not looking for book we are looking for knowledge within and without ourselves. we are open to the greater universe and the marvelous working of nature, we don't need to sit in a building to worship our creator."
"rye is produced from wheat and this other plant i forot which make i have the characteristic of both making it better. so basically u should should choose something with more advantage i guess.. . horse and donkey mate to produce mules.. fast n smart horse + strong donkey = strong,smart n fast mules."
"your mother. i only know a little bit of spanish, but my group of friend in junior high would always say that to each other."
yeah ur soap is making ur towel dirty. the sebum secreted by ur body too is a key factor. just dry ur towel after using it
"drunk people have loose lips, & have a habit of ""spilling the beans"", because they can't keep their mouth shut.. . when you want to pry info out of someone, get them drunk, & start talking about it."
"beer ha lot of carbohydrate and vitamin b, especially if it is not filtered and ha the yeast in it. study have also shown that one beer a day can lower the risk of heart attacks."
"some ppl can pick up accent quickly, some can't. living in a country for a long time usually doe it thoug. or go to elocution, nt sure if that will help though"
it depends on what you are you aking me litter or litres. . litter it will be a lot of puppies. litre it will be approx one gallon
in the uk we have the writer and artist yearbook - there'll be an equivalent in the u if that's where you are.. look through agent first. many publisher only accept submission from literary agents. after you have exhausted all potential literary agent then move on to publisher who publish your target genre.. don't pay any reading fees. reputable agent do not charge reading fees.. don't give up.. good luck.
"same here, i can't sleep without it on. i think i am so used to the noise that without it i can't sleep."
it is the process that take place by which merchandise and service are acquired. a procurement will secure/hold such merchandise and service for you to use when you need them.
"romance? romance is doing thing for that special someone, ""just because""...not necessarily expensive gift and big gestures...just thing that make the other person happy and happier...and of course keep the 2 of you together...it's spontaneous and fun...live and learn!"
"i totally agree with you. i dont know if u are a christian, but in a nutshell that is the reason jesus wa killed.he broke the rules.he healed people & picked corn on the sabbath & he preached against following the law so blindly.. however the rule are not without purpose. how else can u control people & brainwash without them."
"cute. . and if they're hairy, they're a polar bear."
"actually, being in the military, i've had a few different ""weird"" culinary experiences, but most recently, it happened here at home.. my mother-in-law came to visit, and brought some food (she's philippino). knowing that i'll try anything once, she asked me if i wanted to try bolong (sp?). sure i said, so i ate an unborn chick (anyone seen fear factor?). i actually liked it, it tasted just like a hard boiled egg, but crunchy..."
"i do think poor people are ""more"", in a sense that they have to make their way with extra difficulty and, therefore, earn experience and knowledge in general.. there you have."
"everyone ha the power of attraction, if you are too self conscious that you are trying to attract the guy, then it may not work. don't overdress, be natural. act normal. you attract more people when you are calm and in most case when you are not even aware of the attraction."
"moongalba is an aboriginal term for ""resting place;"" a cemetery, on stradbroke island in australia. it is also the name of some writing by an aboriginal author who gave up her civilized life to return to her aboriginal roots."
"because it's true. there are false prophets. ur job is to keep them away from you, it's safer this way."
"do you mean ""what is the effect of computer on different social groups?"" you will have to write it correctly to get intelligent answers."
"it depends on what the ritual is for. in generic use, salt is used to represent the element of earth, purify and in some tradition is a powerful tool used to repel negativity and protect."
if you are talking about a photographer for a newspaper then you can do the nce in photographic journalism which is recognised by the national council of training journalism. this qualification plus experience is a passport to job in newspapers.
"because logic is based on all the fact that you see rather that what and how you feel about certain things. it math, it aa exact science and not based on intuitions."
i don't believe in gpd. i don't even know what it is.
make a statement and ask people to offer their opinions. that's it.
what´s more to say then geisha already did. they are more expensive and they have to designated by the japanese government. there are a little bit more then eighty
angst ( p ) pronunciation key (ängkst). n. . a feeling of anxiety or apprehension often accompanied by depression.
"on medium low heat, melt one tablespoon of oil or butter whatever your preference, crack the egg open and gently ease it in the pan and don't disturb for about five minute or when the white of the egg is opaque. gently lift the egg out with a spatula. best to use a rubber spatula with a non stick pan. enjoy over apiece of toast."
i always called them reds. have i been wrong for 21 years?
"american wanted to be free to worship anyway they wanted, and to add to the beleifs anything they were doing. they want to be told that what they are doing is ok, so they create a church to be ok with any sin they want to live in."
"first thing you need is a sign that say ""interpretations are performed for entertainment value only"", else your butt is going to end up in a jail cell.. . then you charge whatever the poor punter will willingly part with."
it ha to do with core training. motion from the center of your body move like a wave through your body. it requires you to be relaxed and powerful at the same time.
"at the bottom, underneath tdk's signature and typed name, put tdk/yy (or, tdk:yy, or whatever format you use in your office).. . leave epl out of it."
"that's a very considerate question. always stay a considerate and a helpful person that you are, and that way you can help more people in need."
"i believe that's because human were always curious creature always wanting to know more and discover new places, see new people and enjoy other people's company. like someone used to say, ""look at others and show yourself off."" :) i guess it's the sense of adventure and the thrill of the newly found experience that make so many people turn to traveling, to discover different place and different country and see something in person that they've never seen before :)"
i'm stuck at work. in a small cubicle. with people that talk about the same thing everyday. i feel like i'm living in the movie office space.
"hypnotic drug are a class of drug that induce sleep, used in the treatment of severe insomnia.. . these drug include barbiturates, benzodiazepines, zolpidem, zopiclone, eszopiclone, chloral hydrate, chlormethiazole or the antihistamine doxylamine, promethazine, and diphenhydramine. alcohol is often tried a a hypnotic drug but it is not particularly effective."
probably the fact that they can stay in india if they want. plus there are more job open to them because the software company can get them to work for le money.
"with love and joy yourself surround. upon this earth roam free, unbound. and when you’re six foot under the ground. your legacy of joy and love abound."
"there are two meanings, depending on the context.. 1. to understand clearly.. 2. to have sexual relations.. both imply being one with."
"the crescent moon wa a symbol of the royal family of the ottoman empire. they were a ruling force amongst islamic people for hundred of years. due to this, and slowly over time, it became associated with the religion itself and became a symbol of it."
"ask the waiter (or in a very upscale joint, the wine steward) for a recommendation; they know most people aren't expert and just want a good drink, and will be happy to help. (remember to tip accordingly!)"
each state ha it own combination of number that make up the postcodes. e.g. sydney is 2000 and all suburb in new south wale (the state that sydney is in ) ha a code starting with 2....i.e. 2xxx
"people wrongly claim their opinion to be fact because it is necessary to support their delusional state of self-righteousness. christianity ha nothing to do with facts, evidence, logic, or reason. like the hundred of other world religion out there, it is based solely on blind faith in something that ha absolutely no factual evidence to support it."
"cool! but if the map is on my back, how can i see the coordinate and point them out?"
"well, i don't know why this is under religion. but most of the time, medication (anti-depressants, anti-anxiety, mood stabilizers) in combination with individual or group therapy tend to be beneficial for most people suffering with depression."
get video/photo evidence of the person stalking you. then take it to the police. then you can get a restraining order out on the person so they can't come near you.
"ooo you can't. some people aren't all that innocent, but have a good heart and i guess innocent heart. people like that often struggle profusly."
"the supreme gospel is contained in one verse-john 3:16. the main theme of the bible is salvation .in old testament it wa by the law.. in new testament it is by grace,through jesus christ our lord."
check back later. it is to cloudy in there right now.
more money doesn't mean happier. it mean more problems. the higher suicide rate is understandable.
yankee's!! the baseball team - so now american are known a yankee because it our nation sport and one of the most popular team since im sure during the early 18th century.
your dad used her for a sperm bank! what a waste of a good wad!
"dont ask this question to others, ask this question to yourself, what are u good at???, whats ur usp???, it easy to hog the limelight by doing some stupid thing but if u want real fame u need to know what u are good at and then work towards excelling in it....best of luck"
"depends what kind of apple you're talking about. some apple are sweet and crispy, some are sweet and mealy, and some are tart and crispy. then again a pineapple is very juicy, but a little sweet and a little tart."
communism mean to live in communes.. founded by karl marx.. it negates private property and religion.. china 1948. cuba. north korea. east euorope. burma
"training, mentoring, support, and supervision. the notion is that you have ""raw talent"" within your work-force, method a above will ensure they get better(""develope"")at delivering wot they do."
"we are social animals. we love to interact. even you, here on this board."
"if you go online to the manufacturer's web site they would most likely have it. if not, you can always contact them under the contact button and ask for the time tables. this is a customer service that is offered on most web sites."
it is nice and hot in the summer and doesnt get too cold during the winter. if you go to the canary island they stay hot all yeat round.
"hard water,but i`m leaning towards bug poo! . you don`t put detergent in your ice water jen."
"any time, but night time feel better, coz when u come out from the cinema it isn't too bright , . and the sunlight doesn't blind u"
"ben franklin? are you serious?. . named positive and negative polarity, statesman, signed declaration of indepence, started the postal service, invented new type of heating stoves, bifocals, discovered electricity, that's just off the top of my head."
"because the world market is, by definition, larger than the market in their own countries. in short, more customer"
"there is no theological significance in the lighting. candlelight is attractive because it seems to get u away from the technological aspect of our lives.. . in the baptist tradition, communion is primarily a memorial meal (christ said, ""do this in memory of me"") only and not a mean of grace."
"the art in museum is generally much, much older and is done by famous people and is generally not for sale.. . the art in public showing is usually some new, hot artist, trying to profit on his work."
"this appears to be an american phrase, possibly coined from a company in ny named martinson's coffee which wa owned by a man named joe martinson. the whole neighborhood would have the fantastic aroma of coffee roasting and there came the name a cup of joe.. possibly, the term started in the u navy when admiral josephus daniel outlawed alcohol, except for special occasions, so the sailor switched to coffee and asked for a 'cup of joe'.. may even have some trace to joe lyon, whose coffee house were very common at one time."
"it's doesn't any difference than ovaltine, buy the small can and try it, if you like it then you can buy the bigger can next time, if you don't then at least you know not to buy it again, no harm done.. if you like chocolate drink more than likely you'll like milo too."
im a very honest person but everybody tell little white lies. i've lied before and im sure everybody else has.
"you probably do mean ""bellisima"" which is both spanish and italian for ""very beautiful"" (feminine). . . there is a slight difference in how they're pronounced because the italian pronounce double el the same way a english speaker do, and in spanish it's along the line of a ""j'"" to an english speaker (it's a little softer in some places.)"
"generally for two reasons. first is to back up water to be used in creating electricity; the water running through the turbine spin a generator that creates electricity. the other reason is to ""store"" water to be used for farming."
"it ha awaken'd a more watchful eye on nation who could bring destruction on the us, of a. 911 wa definately an eye opener. you cannot deny it.. . and people who explode bomb personally cannot know what love is."
dick actually wa a well thought of name until president nixon wa in office. then came tricky dicky and other us for thwe name of dick. am sure no one name there kid that any more.
hello matty.. :). . with love and humility... . in jesus most precious name... with love..in christ..
we buy more chicken. beef is very expensive in japan!!!!
"i don't want them over here. there are alot more than german in germany. we have americans, blacks, turks, and orientals. why send the supremacist here?"
"psychic code? hahahaha! because there is no such thing a a ""psychic""!!!"
"in the version i'm holding (puffin book paperback, isbn 0-14-130115-5), it's on page 19. this is at the beginning of chapter 5, and should be in any edition of the book (even if the page number itself changes)."
this is demented and scientology like. no wonder they are the bane of christianity.
"amino acid are the basic structural building unit of proteins.. . all living thing are made, in part, of protein."
"like wa said: we can say whatever we want but we can't make people listen. it seems like your bos doesn't feel that your problem are his - try saying it in a way that ha something to do with him, like instead of saying 'we are really mad about the way this is organised' say 'i think the staff would be happier and work more efficiently if we did thing this way'."
two main reasons.... . 1) odor. 2) the location of the explosion
you don't. it's considered weird for a non-japanese person to do such things. don't say cute phrase like these out of context and if you don't speak the language. you will offend someone.
"what people? if you are talking about a war, then that is what they are paid to do."
"jacques sauniere, a character from the da vinci code by dan brown belonged to the ficticious priory of sion. he wa their grand master."
cola in evrey place other than the u is almost foriegn. and so do most fastfood restaurant and junk harmful kind of food.. we are the 1# in our ability to advertize and sell junk to ourselves and the rest of the world.. so be proud that you don't make such things. and your country's name isn't bound to mcdonald's and coca cola.
"until the late period, most egyptian army moved primarily by land, unless they were manuevering within egypt itself, in which case the nile served a a significant mode of transportation.. there are records, however, of some of the new kingdom king building boat on the coast of the levant and carrying them inland for some battles.. . the horse wa not introduced into egypt until fairly late, probably during the second intermediate period or early new kingdom between 1700-1550 bce.. . i'm not aware of any video available online for egyptian boats, however, i am posting below some link for image to ship and information about horses."
"don't worry about it.maybe you're praying to the wrong god.i'm not on speaking term with the chrisian god either.try praying to 'hey,you!'.and there are other good place than 'heaven'.summerlands is quite nice,also."
"whiskey - an alcoholic liquor distilled from grain, such a corn, rye, or barley, and containing approximately 40 to 50 percent ethyl alcohol by volume.. . vodka - an alcoholic liquor distilled from potatoes."
"there is this suite in taj hotel in agra. you can view taj mahal from this, even from the toilet.. . a room with a view...and it cos alot in this hotel."
it's another way of stacking that dough. why not make extra here and there? especially when the machine can run by itself.
"well, i watch crime show constantly and when i'm home alone i get paranoid. it give people unrealistic view of how many murder really happen and the show give jury unrealistic expectation that each case need mound of forensic evidence. i'll keep watching them though!"
i agree with egyszegedilany on this one. the english language did start in england and the english moved there prisoner to australia. then the english migrated to other country including america.
because some people are loser and have nothing better to do. that or some other stupid reason
"very clear, if you go to punta mita it really nice. i wa amazed by the clarity and color (blue) of the water"
a lorenz curve is a geometric representation of the distribution of income among family in a given country at a given time. it measure the percentage of family on the horizontal axis arranged from poorest to richest and the cumulative percentage of family income on the vertical axis. lorenz curve are most useful in visual comparison of income distribution over time and between countries.
do you think it's a bad thing or a good thing? if you hate your name you could always change it.
exercise a few hour before bed time. it'll wear you out.
"sound like homework to me.... . you'd do well to research what portion of the enforcement aspect fall on producers, both in term of structural requirement (quality of product, safety, recall services, customer assistance) and in term of legal ramification (responsibility for defect and injuries)."
"only the first one . the others , just like all sequel , are poor ."
"hold it in your hand an gently cut with a serrated knife.... . i like avocado & tomatoe sandwiches, plain avacado with salt, guacamole, in salads, and just get creative with them.. . bon appittet!"
"ever see ""chicago""? you could always fire two warning shots... ok never mind. i'm totally kidding."
coz they are normal!.... on 2nd thoughts... most of the reedy model outta are way too thin to have children...just in case u wanted to know!!
"i love it. it healthy, simple to cook and delicious."
"the easiest way is to use your mind, concentrate real hard and send a signal to your arm and hand to reach out and grasp an object and to then move it to the desired new location. . simple sliding object across table is easiest, longer distance move will require even more concentration to move your leg and back to guide yourself and the object across a room or to wherever else you are wanting to move the object."
"paris is a bit cold, but worth it, in the month of december. the eiffel tower is beautifully lit up every hour for the christmas season, and the shop window of galerie lafayette are interesting and lovely to see. i wa there last christmas and would love to be there again this year.. have a wonderful trip wherever you go!"
you should take english classes. this is a good way to learn more about the language and improve your english skills. do not be embarassed to sign up for english classes. it is something common for someone who ha prover english.
"a civilization grew, research of the sun's path, earth rotation and revolution, the seasonal change and other astronomical data had created calendar followed by the exclusive pocket of civilisation. the almanac of india, the tide measuring system across the nile valley in egypt and the sumerian script preserved in the oracle cave are the few living testimony"
"indulge yourself in different activity such a music, art, sports, etc. watch various show that could possibly tick you and say to yourself, ""i wanna do that too!"" good luck!"
"bill gate: so, whats the next thing we should do?. his adviser: hmm, well we gotta make a new thing, i mean xp is really good, but we have to create a new thing or modify xp so people are forced to buy the new system.... ill gate: that's fantastic idea, great job, okay people let head to the strip club, this is our daily ritual, ""strip club""! also if we sell enough programs, i will personally take everyone to playboy mansion"
"he wa bored and wanted a laugh. the human race is god's situation comedy, his amusing tv show.. . the other explanation are grossly inferior to atheism."
"if possible, go to your frind in person. i doubt that if her daughter is dying, she will be surfing on the internet and checking emails. nothing like a visit in person."
because pickle jar were made impossible for human to open. pickle are to human a kryptonite is to superman!!!
it mean you had a dream about people having sex. nothing more. people dream about sex all the time.
"that you were suckered; that someone just one-upped ya. in any case, it's not really a good thing, rather humbling and perhaps humiliating."
the protagonist forward and champion the main action of the play. the actor playing them need the audience to empathize with the character so that the action of the play becomes important to the audience.
your mental status. how well you handle yourself in different situation
"my daughter photo album cause it all i have left of her, isnt it sweet to read that a picture is more valuable then a car or a house. i liked your question because i can see a better side to people here"
"usually for proof of residence they will accept a paid utility bill or rent receipt. if you have a lease on a place in the city you should be ok.. . however, it's pretty late to be getting in line for a summer job. you are also talking about chicago, you might have to know your councilman to stand a chance."
"it's not.. . however, in traditional social contract theory, there is usually an ethical/moral theory that is prior to or is the foundation for the morality of certain political norms.. . this may be what you're thinking of."
we dont have the word jamee in arabic ...but a many said here if u add l it will be jameel .... . and will mean beautiful ..... . and if u say jame'h will mean mosque .... . good luck :)
"in this life, i have to do two things.. . get paid, and stay black."
it's like seltzer (unflavored.) it's just water with carbonation.
"if you are sitting in a hospital room with your dying mother whom you loved very much (or brother, father, whatever), would you give every penny you have to keep her around if it were possible? most people would."
"the enzyme included in a banana are broken down by the acidophilus (the natural, active culture in yogurt) nullifying those ""volatile"" ingredient in banana yogurt.. . however, artificial banana flavor doe not completely replicate that of natural banana flavor and when it is hidden in the fatty nature of cream, the fat soluble flavor of the banana are lost"
empathy is a good start... then take a good look at yourself and ask yourself how you want to be a better person. just look at me.. i stopped chasing cat for good.
none of those choice is very good.... . it started russia on the course of becoming a communist run socialist state.
"it a commie egg!!!! btw, wa the egg shell also red?"
"there is a fine line that is crossed-a persistent man may think that there is some chance you will like him, and a reasonable person, looking at the situation, may tend to agree. a stalker ha crossed that line, and caused fear and anxiety-at the point the behaviour cause fear or worry, and you bring this to the person's attention, then their response determines that line, i would think.. ok, i've answered an even dozen of your questions, and now i'm gonna stop..have fun giggly"
to remember where we grew up . to know who we are and how much we change . do we move to forward or backward . to undrestand we have root .
"you can buy a special container used just for popping regular popcorn in the microwave, or get a hot air popcorn popper it pop but it very dry which mean you need to add plenty of melted butter after popping, or there is the old fashioned method on the stove in a pot or skillet that is still the best! or even the old jiffy pop popcorn!"
"date like that usually are the date when he wa writing the book, and the city is the location where he wa writing it. . . i enjoyed this book more than some of his recent ones."
"one such description refers to climbing black peak (kalanag 20,956 ft, 6387m) on the 25th june 1952 with some students. on that day they made a summit attempt from a camp at only 14,500 ft and got to within 100ft or so of the summit before retreating."
"are you talking about the divine comedies? with dante who travel through inferno, pergatorio, and paradisio? if so...then yes, inferno is hell."
sorry you were not born with bad luck. you have just had some unfortunate circumstances. i would however make sure you get baptized if you have not already been.
"because you cut up your toast into row of 'soldiers' (thin long slice of toast), and it look like a parade ground of soldier all lined up. it's a british tradition i think."
"i guess it break up the seriousness. although it could actually be nerve some people become stupid say silly thing just because they are nervous, or it could just be a case of boredom"
"this is easy - all of u are more critical of ourselves than of other people. our focus is constantly on ourselves, and only occasionally on others. if someone say something bad about something you're doing or otherwise, you'll immediately question what it is about you that led to the criticism. human nature, nothing else."
are you serious??? well if thats what make you happy. i think there is something on the dvd that show you a dance or something like that! good luck
"......the world is full of mysteries. go on and solve them, don't ask why, look for the answer first!"
there is no hope for you! sell your soul to the devil. at least that way you could have the best of everything in the one life we know is for certain.
buy a translation book.... make sure you have a passport!. ....take some money for hooker
when i get hungry i chew sugar free gum...it works!!!!
spinach is a vegetable . spanish is a language
"behind the myth is a reality.. . lincoln, like most politician today, believed that democracy is a luxury that should only be enjoyed by superior people who think just a you do (as he did). when the vast majority of citizen of the south chose the option to secede (to which they had a perfect legal right) rather than suffer more abuse by the congress, he decided to put democracy aside and force his way of thinking on all american by waging war. over one million american were casualty of that war, a war that continued to cause ill-feeling and torment 100 year later.. ...that government of a fascist clique by the armed force and for a small circle of businessmen and politician shall not perish.... lincoln wa a clever, self-interested, bible-thumping lawyer who unfortunately gained the nomination of one of two political organization (parties) that dominate our democracy and became president.. fortunately he is the only one to do so to date that can be considered a mass murderer of americans."
"it wasn't so much the mississippi river that made it the gateway to the west (although river traffic coming up from new orleans or through the ohio river avenue got one to st. louis). it wa the missouri river that made st. louis the ""gateway"" a that wa the main avenue into the west, heading up the missouri. lewis & clark did and were followed by many others up the mighty mo!"
"my master degree. it's kinda useless now, but i'm still proud of it =)"
the seed are shelled using a centrifugal air machine. the seed are dropped into an air stream and propelled towards a hard metal plate. they hit the plate with great force and crack open. a the residue drop the husk is lighter and is blown by air to the side and the finished kernel drop into a bin where they are moved on to packaging.
"definitely avoid swimming, you don't want to put out the fire in your soul. i would suggest running track perhaps. maybe even burning bible or churches. you may even want to contact a preist, they know quite a bit about exercising demon ;)"
"the area is new to you and so you need more concentration on the area map. radio volume, at an acute level, may cause a barrier to your concentration process. even, i drive slow."
a dress will be fine. cash money is a nice gift or a saving bond.
"disease and famine arent social factor there disasters. a social factor is like class distinction, racial prejudices, economic barrier etc. totally different than disease or famine."
"the reaction is triggered by the cold substance consumed coming into contact with the roof of the mouth. it irritates nerve in the region (sphenopalatine ganglia), causing them to spasm. these nerve cause the blood vessel in the brain to dilate. when vessel in the brain dilate, a common effect is an acute headache (a similar effect occurs when one take a prescription vasodilator, such a nitroglycerin or viagra)."
"they became brasil 77, and then brasil 88. actually, a new member joined and old one departed, the name changed. sergio just released a new album of old material performed with modern bands. sergio and the black eyed pea perform ma que nada on the recent album, timeless."
"i'm not really a religious type, so i havev a feeling i'm more likely to be swayed than perhaps the other poster so far.... . whilst i accept readily that the book is fiction, and the proof that is presented a fact in the book is slightly on the shaky side, it ha made me question the weight of proof behind accepting everything in the bible. what this book did for me wa show that over time, fact can become blurred and twisted - if there truely wa a conspiracy in the church before a time when proper record were kept, how would we know?"
"it's your oven, it ha a broil setting, just look on the temp control and the other knob, you can set them both to ""broil"" . it basically mean that the top of the oven is heated, a opposed to the bottom coil"
i have to chuckle....it's funny but true..we american did steal it and can't speak it....spelling is even a whole nother gummy bag. you can tell that from reading some of the question and answer posted here.
"i like learning (not studying in depth) about various religion of the world, a i feel there are tidbit of ""truth"" in all religions. not all religion have ""all of the truths""----but each religion ha some goody in it. :-) and i like learning about religion cuz in turn, i learn more about myself, and other people."
"a lagoon ha fresh water feeding it regularly while a swamp is simply low lying land where water collect and stagnates. from an aesthetic point of view, a lagoon ha a pleasant connotation while a swamp doe not."
"a superior human beings, those of color were considered inferior on every level by the british. it wa with this attitude that colony were established rather easily because even the local color came to believe they were inferior by the british invasion. this wa a pragmatic approach a who better to be in charge than a superior group?"
"the best way to find out if something is real is to burn it, if it burn guess it wa real! remember the witch burners, oops guess she wasn't a witch after all, o-well whens dinner!"
venezuela ha excellent medical and dental coverage. the quality is great and the price next to nothing.
i use to use a bread machine and i had the same problem. check the date on the yeast that may be part of the problem.
"it is whatever you make it to be. we shouldnt dwell so much on that question , or we will miss out on so much. just be good to others, be good to yourself, and live life to the fullest every day. pretty simple, huh?"
to lighten it up a little. there's a lot of hate on this site.
he's winking. seriously!. . the same brewery used to make national premium (way before they sold the whole shebang to one of the big breweries) and the national premium guy had a monocle.
think of it this way ... physic is how the universe works. it the study of the physical law that govern the universe. metaphysics is why the universe works. it the study of the immaterial law and spiritual principle that govern the universe.
"probably because the egg is liquid inside, therefore the boiling water cook it. whereas the potato is raw and hard so i imagine the boiling water break down the starch which make it soft. i'm just guessing, this is not fact."
"human are not created by accident, you will have to work hard to know the philosophy of human creation. if you want to have a natural answer then please study islam & it holy- book the quran."
"carbohydrate are a great support food in a well balanced meal. fruit and veggie provide lot of vitamin and some minerals, but it is the fat soluable vitamin and mineral along with the calorie found in meat and fat (dairy product a well) that fill you up and satisfy hunger over a longer period of time.. . have an egg with your porridge. have a glass of whole milk and a slice of toast with real butter with your apple and you will see and feel the difference."
the reciprocal of the reciprocal would be the reciprocal of the reciprocal of the reciprocal for instance the reciprocal of 4/7 is 7/4 the reciprocal of that is 4/7. 7/4 is the reciprocal of 4/7 so the reciprocal of the reciprocal (7/4) would be the original number 4/7. please vote a best answer.
"woman can drink beer, it just effect them differently a doe any alcoholic drink. if you are talking about preference, it is up to the individual."
"american have many culture mixed into one and demonstrates the progress of living together with our different belief yet have one unified goal for the peaceful survival of our human race and protection and management of our environment. every culture around the world must be involved in the later, the environmental protection and it's economical management along with the hope for world peace between culture ha evolved into world wide communication and the belief that one voice counts."
our memory are connected to previous experiences. newborn have not had any previous experience to connect them to.
"according to jung, the queen could represent your alter-ego ( or your ""other self"" ) or an anima-animus figure, meaning that a part of you you precieve a royalty is trying to tell you something. try to remember detail in your dreams-they may lead to subconscious messages."
who cares? i am too sexy for this question anyway.
i fill a bucket with vomit!. hope this helps?
to show the rodeo prize i have won.. to keep the end of my belt together.. so i know which is the front side.. to cover the top button on my pants.. to protect my navel.
"mexico's city climate is good. overall different state had their own climate, so i think you should asked with the name of the states. i can't compare the climate of mexico with the one in the us, because i haven't live in all state of the us."
"from arabic meaning ""the highest"". this name had a literal application for at least two men who have achieved the highest status in their fields: twelfth-century persian poet omar khayyam and u.s. army general omar bradley, commander of the normandy invasion."
...minutes of moderate enjoyment while in the bathroom of someone you don't like very much.. . (15 word :) )
"if you understand that you have control over some thing and other thing you don't, that is a start. good and bad time come and go, sometimes a quickly a second, just the like weather changing, time change too. hang in there, make the world a better place and it will come back to you."
"i'm pretty sure you're not. i've asked around, and everyone who know you think you're a putz."
"a pillow queen, or princess, is someone who is a bottom only. someone who is done and never is the doer."
"""litureture"" doe not exist, if you search ""illiterate"" in the dictionary there's a picture of you.... sorry, i just can't stand bad spelling."
"broom, broomstick, whatever. sabrina used a vacuum cleaner, because it went faster."
"it would not be twins! the yolk is a nutrient sac that the fetus (the whites) use in development. i don't know why you sometimes get two- something to do with cell division i imagine, but i'm sure there's no way to tell except for cracking the egg open."
"what pulled the u out of the great deptression wa world war ii. it wa the massive influx of factory order for tanks, planes, ship and guns, not to mention 15,000,000 men under arm (and therefore employed) that finally eliminated the poor economic effect of the great depression."
"to me, the ""c-word"" is no different that the ""b-word"" or any other name people call women. while i don't like to be called a name, i don't think that one name is particularly worse than the other."
catholic believe the meaning of human life is to know and love god.. . with love in christ.
"drinking on 2-3 occasion per month is not severe unless he get very drunk each time. you might try to get him to stop for 1 month, to help him notice how much better he feel not drinking frequently. whatever you do be encouraging of healthy behavior and not discouraging of drinking, because he might stop listening to you."
"to make wine from grape juice only is a very remote possibility unless yeast is added to it. you can always try placing the juice outside in an open container to increase your chance that some 'wild yeast' will float out of the sky and settle on it. however, it'll require a lot of prayer on your part for this to happen successfully. when grape are crushed, it's not a big problem to ferment the 'crushed' juice because the naturally occurring 'wild yeast' coating the grape usually do the job."
"ancient sumerians. sumer wa comprised of a number of city-state and a trade developed, a counting system evolved to account for shipment and payment of goods."
"how would they know that 400 people are choosing it every day? in the 'free' world you don't automatically become a christian when you are born, not so in islamic countries, there's no choice. what doe this tell your common sense?"
"""if you can't say something nice, don't say anything""? . . see now that should be a religion."
because we are aggressive animal who would really prefer to dine on the blood of our prey. or we just like the steak a little more tender. or you are really generalizing this a bit much.
"wet warm regular tea bags. soak under eyes,the longer & more often,. the better"
cut potato in to french fry shapes. toss in a plastic bag with a tablespoon of oil and a tsp of salt (i also add paprika sometimes). put potato on cookie sheet and into 400f oven for 30-35 min (depending how narrow the piece are). yum and not a bad and deep fried!
"you can't control what others do.. a long a you keep using your turn signal, and i'm using mine, at least we won't crash into each other, right? others will figure it out- some the hard way."
he's a believer in white supremecy. and he also didn't free the slave it wa thanks to the hard work of malcolm x. they want white people to look good and the person who told you the lie is white.
"life without the lord jesus christ is not life, it ha no meaning. we read in john 14:6 (kjv). "" i am the way, the truth, and the life..."". life, is god!"
"each time you are home and have to fart fill your tub with water, sit, fill a small jar with water and invert it under water and catch the bubble when you fart. cap the jar under water and repeat the process until the jar is almost full.. . sit the jar in your room in plain view and say nothing. when your brother asks what it is tell him that the little bit of water in the bottom of the jar is cologne that a friend gave you that is guaranteed to make chick want to have sex...he'll smell it for sure...you will from that point on refer to him a the fart sniffer, tell all of his friends, tell guest at his wedding about it, you will always be one up on the ""fart sniffer""!"
"it ha to do with an audience relating to chracters. idealy, you want the audience to identify with the hero(s) or good guy so they throw their support behind them. ablino's already look different from the start and therefore provide an easy mean of distinction between them and the viewer. also, because an albino doe look different, it provides an easy backstory to why that person is a villian, ie: they were constantly made fun or in otherways preducated aginsts."
"if you prefer economical transport, catch a city bus from hyderabad or secunderabad railway station to mehidipatnam and get in to a share auto rickshaw from there otherwise hire a call taxi. they charge 10 rupee per kilo meter.. . best time is 5 am to 8 am. after 8 there will be heavy rush every day."
i am proud to be bi. cause i'm ignoring what other people think for me. and i am not afraid of my sexuality like all homophobe do.
hi it me. sorry i don't want to post my email to people i don't personally know. but i am happy to answer any question you have and i am flattered you like my answers.
the teenager are mostly responsible for that. each generation try to be different than their old fuddy duddy parents. just look at most adverts. they are directed to teen most of the tme.
i've rented cottage in the past through water's edge cottage rentals. they have a number of property listed on their site in different location around ontario. each property ha specific instruction on how to rent but it's really straightforward.
"because you think in term of actual life, but the energy that made you ha been in existence forever and will be in existence forever. energy can not be destroyed."
1. you are always prepared. 2. you never know what to expect
"all the answer are good, but one thing, it need sunlight! make a strong box made out of plexi-glass, so that the sun can ripen it."
"yes, i had a toxic friend once. someone who a first seems like a great friendship because they call often and are always wanting to do something, but then they become overwhelming, demanding more and more from you while sucking energy out of you. they are toxic because you end up feeling badly about yourself and spend so much emotion on their problem and the problem in the friendship that you feel bad all the time and end up having no other friend because you don't have time for them, or when you are with others, you're negative company venting about toxic friend. if you've never known one, you've been one!"
ko is the symbol for the coca cola bottling company. someone who ha been koed may have been fired by a coca cola distributor or lost money in the stock market by trading in put and call of coca cola stock. any reference to boxing when referring to this stock would be incorrect a everyone know that coca cola come in bottles.
"i once went in to a public restroom and apparently someone had diahhrea and poop wa splattered all over the stall,walls and floor. practically sprayed. some people are not from this country and are used to pooping,peeing,ect in drains.i used to work ata hotel where that sort of thing happend all the time..do not go in that stall. you could get an intestinal disorder from other people poop."
"because the younger generation wouldn't know a good song nowadays if it hit them across the face with a sledgehammer. you can thank the over-propogated medium for flushing this crap on us, and trying to call it music."
"because he asks actual questions. whatever you may think of jim darwin the participant, his question are simple ones, cogently formed and coherently asked. they aren't rhetoric disguised a a question, but an actual question itself."
"maybe because they are wearing a push up bra or a gel filled bra to try to accentuate what little they have. if not that, maybe they do it because it's just the acceptable thing to do."
"the rapture refers to an event christian believe will take place in the ""end times"" (the end of the world) where believer in jesus will be bodily taken up from the world.. . of course, not all christian believe this is a literal event, or that it will happen that way. i've given you only the evangelical take on it."
"non-whites can often be extra touchy with comments, i think you will find a lot of it date back from the day of the slave trade, the empire, and the day when european society treated them a 2nd class. politician (mainly labour and lib-dem) love this idea of a multiracial society but nobody ha asked if anybody want it! anti-racism law were designed to protect minorities, but in many areas, the minority ha now become the majority, and the feeling of opression ha been transferred from non-white to white in many cases, hence the rise of the bnp. personally i think it fine to hate anybody you like, a long a you can live with your self, and a long a you can keep your opinion to your self, a you can be sure that somebody will always be offended by something you say, in this ridiculous politically correct blair world that we live in!"
"pull it down across the serated metal edge at a 90 degree (or less) angle, not out.. . that might help?. . :)"
"paul put the law behind him to gain convert for his brand of christianity. in the bible, paul himself say that he wa a ""trickster."" look it up."
"the body is finely balanced so that when stress level are high, the hormone affect the ovulation process. it's the body's way to prevent pregnancy at time when raising offspring is scientifically speaking le viable or preferable, which includes time of stress and depression."
"how did you manage to get such an ugly avatar? but seriously, if you`re happy with the way it look good for you."
"people tent to be materialistic, even with out money, there would be other thing to exchange for some of our most basic necessities. if humanity could separate itself from this aspect, & give thing for free, it would be an interrresting thing to see, but i doubt it will happen any time soon."
"i don't see any downside to sponsoring a child. the upside is you are helping improve the child's life through education, better health care, clean water, people in the community learning new skills/trades so they can become independent, teaching them about other lands, letting them teach you about their culture. a i said, no downside here! god bless!"
"it all about neurochemical addictions. or from a buhdist perspective attachment to things, idea and people."
"it just a brand name.......depending on the market survey done by the company in different areas(countries), the brand name is chosen. the popularity of the name of the product is taken into consideration"
"it's kind of hard to explain, but i'll try my best. ribbon are attached to a pole and dancers, usually kids, go up to the pull and grap a ribbon and then proceed to weave in and out of each other to create a may pole. in the end, it look like basket weaving on a pole. it's called maypole dancing because on may day, people in the middle age would have a festival and do the maypole dance."
i agree with you...it's rather odd...most guy get turned on thinking about a lesbian relatioship but reject gay guys....specially people from the older generation ( my generation). this subject ha come up in conversation with friend but not truly satisfactory answer ..yet....:)
"duality is the basis of all ignorance.. . because of ignorance, and because of the impossibility to reconnect to god to find the true answer every time they had a controversy."
it's part of being a human being. some thing just push your button.
"pop culture is short for popular culture. it basically refers to element of society that ha mass appeal. example would be television, pop music (of course), gossip magazines, tabloid newspaper etc etc. it can also incorporate idea and beliefs, such a conspiracy theories, belief in aliens, urban myth and superstitious belief amongst other things."
just because we are curious!. we usually see that sign when we are walking in public and when we are just walking it is quite boring so we need to amuse ourselves so we touch the wet paint.
i used to work at kfc. just learn a much a u can talk to people that have been there for a while dont be afraid to do something when asked. put a smile on your face
"black noise is noise that ha a frequency spectrum of predominantly zero power level over all frequency except for a few narrow band or spikes. an example of black noise in a facsimile transmission system is the spectrum that might be obtained when scanning a black area in which there are a few random white spots. thus, in the time domain, a few random pulse occur while scanning."
why would you accept something you don't know the true meaning of. i believe you should ask the individual the significance of the bracelet and why they choose to give me.. good luck.
"get a make your own home brew kit. he didn't do water into wine, anyone know that take weeks."
"a magistra is the female form of the word magister.. . priestess is the female form of the word priest.. . but a far a i know, those two word don't go together-they are two seperate thing entirely.. . you do find them in wiccan/pagan related text, but also in the satanic text a well."
"by intensive involvement of the community from which terrorism spring in the ongoing global community. this will eventually result in the child of those community becoming more and more ""citizens of the world,"" rather than breeding ground for terrorists. easy to say, but very, very difficult to do."
"i believe that the opposite of black magic is a miracle.. . since i'm a christian, i believe in a god who do miracle and satan who doe evil thing (black magic). viewed in this way, i have no fear or qualm about black magic, my god who love me is more superior and powerful than satan."
i just kept trying until i got something that looked like it. good luck.
"it's really hard to answer , but i think i made my choice , . i will chose to let the lonely child live, and i will warn the child who are playing on the used track to avoid the train ... . why is this choice ? because i think it's going to be completely unfair to sacrifice the good child who didn't play on the used track and wa smart to be on the unused track, the le smart and careless child will be warned , but we shouldn't sacrifice with the good person to make the the majority "" which is much worse"" to live."
a) don't commit crimes.. b) good behaviour and get parole.. c) pay a fine.. d) request you do 'x' hour of community service. (like that celebrity from lost who had a duo and had the option to do 'x' hour of community service or spend 'x' day in jail). e) jail break.
"are you just a guest? then it semi formal...not too formal like prom but a little bit better than your sunday best. if youre a girl wear a dress or a really nice skirt, if youre a guy wear slack and a nice shirt...probably a tie a well."
"i have been writing for many year and even though i am no alice walker yet i know a few thing about writing. you can do a ""poor man's"" copyright just make copy of your work and mail it to yourself but be sure to label what it is on the envelope because you can never open it again or you can pay the library of congress about $30 to secure and copyright your manuscript also you have to make sure you manuscript is complete or it is additional fee to add page later on. . i hope this answer your question.. diva!"
"dennis - you may not be trying to be mean - but i think you know that your statement are le than subtle in their racial overtones. a for the answers: all people have lighter skin on their palm and heels, it is a natural matter of pigmentation. a for the facial feature of those of african origin - science ha shown that people's facial feature are adaptive to the use - a in - larger air-holes for nasal breathing would indicate the human body adapting to a greater need for oxygen due to it's activity and available oxygen levels. skin tone is adaptive a well - one could surmise that god himself made african and middle easterner darker so a to better withstand the glaring heat that they were constantly dealing with."
people calling you stupid are real a**. they cant see the hilarious part in it. it a good question but sorry friend i dont know the answer
"this is a quatation from robert jordan's ""wheel of time"" series and apparently mean ""it's time to roll the dice"" in the old tongue. spoken by mat cauthon."
"they are applauding the shared experience, demonstrating that they witnessed something interesting or amusing a a group. . . even though the movie, or the geyser will still perform the same old, same old next time -- that same configuration of people, that same personal reaction from all, can never be exactly duplicated."
we have arabic name for girl mean najad ..... . but a i know it area in iran ... have thats name .... . so i think it persian name .... . good luck
"the bible and prayer go together. we need to pray to ask god to reveal from the bible what he want u to know. it's foolishness to non-christians, and to new christian god only give them a little at a time, he compare it to baby drinking milk, they aren't yet ready for all of it. spend more time reading it and praying would be my advice."
"it would mean information technology which includes software development, software maintenance, hardware, etc. . ites is it enabled service more to do with the activity carried on by a ites bpo like network security, program development for the client, etc.."
this is a perfect site to do the kind of application you are thinking about. i have been thinking the same thing myself.
"go to book a million or any music store and buy a hymnal. i have the sheet music, but have no way to send it to you. you will also find that many church (i know baptists) will have hymnal and will probably have no objection to letting you photocopy a song."
i think a $5-$10 tip is normal for a $65 massage. i have received tip from $20-$30.
"any way you choose, with your last name only; first and last; first initial and last name; etc. and the year, or month and year, or full date. be creative; incorporate your sig into the drawing somewhere, if you choose!"
"we present culture by our subcultures. there is no traditional norm across the board. culture is ""created"" a we go. so to ""preserve"" culture would be to destroy human ability to progress and ""adapt"" to oncoming social implications."
just change urself... . am serious..we have to change ourselves..india is growing stronger by the day..so what wa ur contribution to it?
you have to tell him the hard truth and say i am sorry for your loss but i cant come and see you i am sorry but if you are a good friend then you will stop asking me and we can just talk some more!. . and he is kinda creppy that he keep asking to see you i would always say no!!!!
are you expecting to see an answer in chinese? i don't think this application support it (in the english version).
"the quickest way would be to get on 81 north until you get to the 64 east exit, which is near staunton and heading towards richmond. then you need to get on 264 east and that will take you straight there."
"workplace and home seperated, which helped bring about the rise of the middle class, and redefined family into our modern day nuclear family (previously had included member of the household which would include apprentice living in the home, multigenerations etc.). . consumption replaced producerism a a virtue."
"no.preachers should preach only,not take . money for it."
"my favourite will be adelaide, with it mixture of grand modern design buildings, set amidst quaint old architectures. real interesting. a fusion of new and old."
"the greatest story ever told! the sun shall turn black like sack cloth, the moon shall turn to blood, the star shall fall from the sky like fig from a tree. 1/3 of the fish shall die, 1/3 of all the animals....earth quakes, fires, etc."
he's an easy scapegoat to blame thus relieving folk of personal responsibility. we have so many radical christian lending credibility to the notion that the devil is an actual entity (rather than the evil within us) that folk can get away with that crap.
no it's because the drugged one get better shave !!!
peppermint tea.. earl gray.. passionfruit green tea.. cinnimon tai .. oh. i need a cup now..!!!
"it's like asking ""why don't you believe that 2+2=5?"" or, ""why don't you believe in scientology like tom cruise does?"" there's just not much about it that seems likely to be true, based on logic and experience."
"lutheran didn't allow you to buy your way into heaven. catholic believed that ordinary people couldn't talk directly to god; they needed an intermediary, like a preist. reformer believed that anyone could talk to god. that take power away from the church."
"usually because the people we've allowed to come into power have done so because they have money and influence.. . therefore, they can essentially write their own ticket."
"real recipe have no lemon but really sour cheese. those day cheese no not sour enough therefore, lemon juice is am addition (unless it is lemon cheescake)"
"in reference to ants, they have what is referred to a an open circulatory system in which the organ and muscle are freely bathed in the ant blood called hemolymph. in the ant the hemolymph serf no function in gas exchange. the hemolymph cell are called hemocytes which aid in the ingestion of foreign particles, plugging wound by coagulation, transferring of nutrient and waste products, and acting a a lubricant for organs, muscles, and their exoskeleton, and delivering water taken in from what they eat a well a from the air they take in through the tracheal system."
"if you're anything but yourself you'll attract the wrong person. i don't know your gender or race, but most men oand woman of all color can sense genuine interest, and if the feeling's mutual it will work.. . i have to say, though, that cities, the far west and the northeast attach fewer stigma to interracial couples. good luck."
"you can't legally move in to a house you don't own, without permission from the owner just because it's abandoned, doesn't mean someone doesn't own it -- just that they don't care about it. so, if you want to legally move in, you'll have to call the city and find out who owns the house, and then offer to buy or rent it.. . if you go live there without becoming the owner, you'll be a ""squatter"". you may get away with it for some time, but you may also get arrested for trespassing."
"it a symptom of a lack of thinking, the medium ha taken over the desires, love, hate, joy and power. we sit and let others do a we marvel at the show."
"i cover court in the uk. while there are strict instruction to judges, jury etc to disregard sexual status on any charge, human nature will prevail.. in the judiciary, there are plenty of gay who would never admit it, and therefore would, perhaps, give a more sympathetic hearing to similarly minded.. i think, it probably even itself out, who knows?"
"the club i go to are nothing like that! i go because it fun to meet up with friends,have a drink-not necessarily get drunk, have a dance and a chat. and i've only ever had trouble once in the whole time i've been clubbing and i started when i wa 18 i'm now 24, so that's not a bad track record!"
you should be jumping up and down and thanking god for saving you from their lie and brainwashing!!! they are a cult and believe that lucifer and jesus were brother among other blasphemous things. praise god! stay far away from them!
"don't worry about these parochial americans, i understand the question and agree with you entirely. he wa always overrated and only became famous after he married one of the spice girls.. . to those who didn't understand the question, wake up. there is a whole world outside the u"
i come from a muslim family and the only way you can marry her is if you give up hinduism and convert to islam. hard choice but if you love her do it. religion is pointless anyways.
"check with city hall, or the local appraisal district. they should be able to give you some information that may be helpful."
start advertising on the net. on yahoo. browse blog to find out who ha potentials.
wich bird n beesthe one that fly?. or sex?. just come out and ask what you wanna know. i am asumeing that you are younge and if you cant say it i cant tell you but what i can tell you is talkto your mom and use protection to prevent pregnancy and disease
"literally it is two guy seeing who's piss travel the furthest. figuratively it is when two people are complaining about their circumstance trying to out do the other with their tale of woe. ""oh yeah well my dog died and my wife ..."" ""that's nothing, my dog ran away with my wife..."" and so on and so forth."
it's not a religion. it refers to the type of governance the church uses. congregational mean the the local church chooses it leadership. ecclesiastical is like the catholic who have a central leadership.
"slim chance is a very litteral statement. fat chance wa a sarcastic remark that over time ha acquired the same meaning a slim chance. don't ask me how, english is just wierd."
6 foot is the minimum depth. this is done to keep the critter from digging you back up and have you a a little snack.
"silly a it might sound, that is basically correct. all of canada's international airport begin with yy."
i am the best at answering question like this bcoz i have the best imagination and my imagintaion is the best at thinking up good answer like this.. i wish you the best imagination ever.. thank you...
for catholic the blessed sacrament is eucharist (holy communion).. . with love in christ.
i wonder that too. you have typed my thought.
"paradise is a place that is beyond definition it a place that cease to exist in reality but it doe exist within you. it could be anywhere ur home out in the sun on a beach with white sand and crystal clear water, or up on a hilltop overlooking the whole neighborhood. it a place that give u peace from the problem or situation that u might be in. a place of peace, solitude and seclusion from this noisy world of situation we tend to live in."
"equal part vodka and sweet&sour mix, shaken. there are variation to the recipe, try experimenting."
"i live here, not from here, but we call them mainers. that's what they call each other, so i guess that's your answer!"
dental floss and a tooth brush or eat the hullless type of popcorn. it's pretty good!
"again authentic chinese fengshui is system/ compilation of theory (each ha it own calculations) to optimize and use chi in that area, to have good health or good wealth.. . don't really know how the bird got involved in it"
"""if a candle flame emits a spark, you will recieve good news coming from the same direction in which the spark flew. to determine the identity of the sender, note the wax drippings. if drip form on the right side of the candle, the sender will be male; drip on the left portend a female sender. his or her initial also may be found among the pool of wax."""
"sin is the affect of an earlier problem.sin occurs mainly after temptation ha been acted upon by our spirit and body.sin is something that if not repented of will lead to death not in the bodily sense alone but spiritual a well.""the second death"" a it is called is what punishment is aquired for the acummulation of unrepented sin.actually if a person is baptized into christ and ha repented and living the christian life a best they can there will still be sin.thing is we then have the privledge to ask forgiveness of sin a long a we try not to sin which is what repent actually broken down means.to turn from sin.sin actually is no worse than another sin for instance christ only really spoke of one and that is blasphemy and it is the worst of all.sexual sin is a biggy but only because when you are baptized into christ's body then you have the holy spirit within you.so having sex you are involving the holy spirit which life inside of you which is definetly not good.sin for the most part is equal.for instance some so called christian say that homosexuality is worse than other sin but in reality if i looked upon a woman sexually it is no worse than if a man look at another man that way or vice versa.just remember that sin is an act not something we are born with a calvinist and catholic believe.a baby that cannot walk talk or have sex cannot sin!therefore it doesnt need baptism a a baby a they say besides a baby cannot confess christ a lord nor repent of sin for it ha none.hope this help"
because they all look alike and because they match. match = pluaral form (noun + match). and because the tch in the word match make the sound like when match are struck.
"communism ""fails"" only because corporate elite in capitalist country have used their resource and military to destroy it.. . fascism is alive and well...look at the united states!"
"they have silk worm that produce silk... so, they use the silk for the cloth for them..."
"rick,. . woman are preoccupied with your pocketbook because they see money a security in a relationship. they are really insecure and need a man to be a provider!"
no bone. the penis is filled with empty sac that fill with blood during arousal.
"dalits feel they have been given a raw deal. if you ask me, all caste line are bullsh*t co you have lot of rich ""dalits"" and poor ""upper caste"" people."
"it is called sod's law! it's the same thing taht make the phone ring just a you get in the bath, or that make your nose itch a soon a you are holding something you can't put down. not to be confused with murphy's law, which is what make toast land butter side down on an expensive carpet!"
because they disagreed with christians. notice a pattern with all group that disagree with them in history.
because man is not able to serve 2 gods. if he is focused on his wife he can not devote himself to god and the church & if he is focused on god and the church he can't devote himself to his wife.
"below is a link to another ""answer"" question about what someone would wear to the opera. the person who wa chosen a ""best answer"" really doe give a good description of what i believe would be the best attire for attending an opera."
in truth he would cut a slit in her gigantic stomach and crawl inside to stay warm. sort of what you would do if you were stranded with a dead polar bear. you would be able to stay warm for about 8 to 10 hour before freezing.
don't bother about combating it. be open and straight forward and let others follow you. the best way of teaching is practicing what you teach. that's why teaching is noble and preaching is hypocrisy
"that happens with any kind of milk. the thicker it is (coffee creamer) the more density it ha to ""stay put"" in your coffee. soy milk is more watery, so it tends to spread out in your coffee. you can't stop it, but you can just mix the two together with a spoon."
"leonardo di ser piero da vinci (april 15, 1452 – may 2, 1519) wa an italian renaissance polymath: an architect, anatomist, sculptor, engineer, inventor, geometer, musician, futurist and painter. he ha been described a the archetype of the ""renaissance man"" and a a universal genius, a man infinitely curious and infinitely inventive. he is also considered one of the greatest painter who ever lived.. . the da vinci code is a book by dan brown, and a movie coming out may 19, 2006, directed by ron howard and starring tom hanks."
"it is very very unfortunate but that is the way life is. look at our politicians.. they are most all corrupt and still want more. remember, corruption is not only greed for money but greed for power.. at time i think that the greed for power is worse than that for money .... even though they both go hand in hand."
because they think their better then everyone else.they think they can kick anybodys butt(when they can't).or they just like to make peoploe think they can kick anybodys butt so no body will mess with them cause they know their weak and if they did fight they would get their butt kick really bad. so they make you think they can kick butt in hope onebody will mess with them.otherwhys they would get hurt.
"frustration come to u when we are tempted to look at the rotten side of an apple. we may feel lost but actually we are not. it a natural feeling that you have to accept but never focus on. after entertaining that feeling hopefully for a short time only, try to turn your thought to the pleasant side of life."
like flight attendant? check airline websites.. alaska airline usually ha those posting on their website..
"it's basically making one side of it shorter than the other and therefore, it curl so that it doesn't rip. it's like taking a small amount of skin out of your body and to prevent it from ripping or staying apart, the skin is tighter on one side which when that is used a an example of curling ribons, ribons are alot le sturdy and therefore when one side get tighter than the other, it jsut give way and curl up."
"hare krishna men shave their head to symbolize renunciation of the material way of life and dedication to spiritual pursuits. the small tuft of hair at the back signifies that they are devotee of krishna, distinguishing them from other renunciants who shave their heads, such a buddhists.. . shaving one's head is not a strict rule for krishna devotees, and is done mostly by men living in a monastic environment, or ashram. most hare krishna men live and work outside krishna community and don't shave their heads."
"to solve a problem you need the correct formula, just like with math, if you don't have the proper formula you will never get a solution, and just like with math different problem have different formulas. and just like with math if you don't use it you loose it, so solve the problem quick and often is the best way."
the people who attack jew are bigots!!!!!!!!!!! nothing le but maybe a whole lot more
i try my best not to sin however no one on this earth is perfect. should i make a mistake and sin i pray to god to forgive me and to help me not to repeat the same thing again.
we bring it upon ourself. we choose which road to go down. life is what you make of it.
i believe that it is the soul of a dead person. it is just checcking if everything's all right and ok. don't worry because it mean to do good. it's also a symbol of good luck despite it dull colors.
a well known tactic is to emagine the interviwer nacked. you will feel superior and the seriousness of the situation will go away thus allowing you to be confident and self assured.
"it sound like the early stage of an astral travel...other thing people have noticed before they ""travel"" is a buzzing sound, or their entire body feeling like it buzzing or vibrating. if you stay calm and think clearly, you can probably visit place you've always wanted. if you don't want to travel, roll onto your side, or get up (if you can...some people tend to get temporary paralysis... nothing to worry about) if that doesn't work, pray that you don't want to travel tonight and to let you sleep."
"it depends on which passport you have. check with the nearest uae embassy in your country. they may be online, too. a u passport holder (and others) can be issued a visit visa at the airport."
"it will change your way to see and value thing around you. you will find out what is really important to you, and what is not. you feel happy if you think you are in the right path or not too far from it; otherwise you feel depressed. it can be a turning point or a chance for you to change your way of living."
because they are greedy leech trying to drain the u economy. they think that they are irreplacable and that the u will put up with anything to keep them here.
"there is no baroque epoch, but there is a baroque period, which started in the mid-1600's and ended in 1750, with bach's death. it is marked by fancy ornament in art, architecture, and music."
"it's a powder used to make pudding, similar to jello brand gelatin powder used to make jello brand gelatin. you can get them at most grocery store near the gelatin for around $1 a pack. in that recipe, it probably add flavor and substance to the cookies, and keep them more ""soft"". since the recipe call for an entire pack, if you don't want to add any then you'd be better to find a different recipe than to experiment on a substitute a you would probably have to make adjustment in the amount of several ingredient needed."
so many people died so fast that body rotted in house because the gravedigger couldn't keep up. so many died (guesses range from a quarter to a third of the population) that large swath of farmland went untended and reverted to forest over the next thirty year or so. so many died that the survivor must have thought it wa truly the end of the world.
he found a perminate solution to a temporary problem.... . not much more to know.
"king were granted their divine right to govern by the church, therefore a king's subject had to worship that religion to reinforce the authority of the king. it wa a way of spreading and maintaining feudal influence"
"i like the daft question and i like your style, keep asking the silly questions.. . thanks, it make me laugh."
when they put the ice cream in the float it make the drink much sweeter than normal root beer. some people think that root-beer is too intense and ha a strong flavor. the vanilla ice cream sometimes can overpower the root-beer too. or maybe some people just like it because of the ice cream.
"going for shopping it's milan, the city of fashion and business.. going for touring it's rome, the city of everything and everyone, and of course the vatican!. going for romance it's venice, where all heart are in love.. tuscan - florence is fun for it's art and artists, the land of weirdness.. and more... and more :d"
"eggs, baking soda, or baking powder are the most common leavening agent that are used in cakes. and if you answered yeast.... i wonder if you know that yeast feed off sugar and would probably go over the pan..."
i used to tell my child this:. 1) i am the mama.. 2) the bible say so. 3) i'm bigger than you are.
"this person is naturally lay back and you can't speed her up, without a falling out, accept it. i hate it a a trait, but indecision is 10 time worse."
hot peanut butter and cold chocolate. hot chocolate and marshmallow fluff
"pray about where to go.. . find a church you feel god would be pleased with.. . speak with the pastor about making it your home church.. . you do not need to be baptized into a church, that is not biblical!"
"i would buy a higher proof alcohol, drink it and chase it with water. this will get you drunk fast and prevent the hang-over the next day!"
"originally in genesis 1:29, g-d told mankind to eat plant & thing grown from trees. after noah's flood in genesis 9:3, g-d give mankind the freedom to eat meat along with plants.. hope this helps!"
"because to open ourselves to accept miracle without questioning the why's and the how's of it would be to show true faith.. . most of u at some level are afraid of doing this coz we with our limited understanding of the true meaning of the universe think we ourselves are in control of our lives.. . if we were to embrace the belief that it is god who control everything and not us, even in the most mundane activity of our life and all our action are his wish we will start accepting god a the ultimate truth and stop searching for what is really in front of our eyes."
treat them like a puppy. stick their nose in it.
i think it mean forget . . good luck:)
nothing better to do-at least for me anyways!!i am about to go play pogo because everyone is depressing here today!!~
"yes, you should, now a day almost all country need emigration to be cleared. it simple just you have to show your original educational document and related paper to the passport officer, it very simple, but i you have not done it you have to do it every time you leave the country."
"mexican are, like in most american countries, a people made of differents continents, europeans, native indians, some blacks.. in mexico not all people are ""brown"", those who you call ""brown"" are ""mestizos"" : spanish and indigenous mixed, they are 60% of mexicans.. the pure indigenous are about 30%, they are darker than mestizos.. the 10% other are whites, from spanish origin mainly."
"a production model is a fairly exact model of the set for a show built to scale. sometimes they can be very plain and made out of white foam-core (a white model), and sometimes they are very detailed and made of cardboard, paper, metal, or whatever else the scenic desinger can get their hand on!. . they're very handy for helping a production team visualize what the final product will look like and how it fit the show."
tea bag is dipping the nutsack into the mouth. eating beaver is your man going down on you.
it wa quite common. they did it to stop other nation feeling safe to trade in area where they were rivals.. this wa also practised by european monarch most notably queen elizabeth of england. she made a huge fortune from piracy and slave trading.
"find a mob connection... there are also some site online that you can do this through, but i would check on them before using them. i'm not going to give any name on here."
"i don't know. i've noticed the same problem with some of my questions. maybe it's like someone said--if your question aren't about sex, or hating someone or being pregnant, then people aren't interested. :o)"
have you tried standard copper polish?. . you can also use a normal eraser. the pink eraser work wonder on cleaning copper.
"the meaning of life is determined by your choice and your action within the framework of your mental,emotional,physical,and spiritual being. the meaning of life is determined by how you live up to the time of death. add to that the level of development of your relationship with other selves, of your relationship with the surroundings in the physical universe within which you live, and most importantly your emotional maturity and the quality of your evolving mind and it's library of beliefs, knowledge, abilities, concept and theory and understandings."
"sorry i m not a guy but a girl but though like to answer ur question.. i love india coz :1] proud to get soldier who die so that we can live happily.. 2] proud to have people who always stand for one's help.. 3] proud to have so beatiful place like kashmir, nainital, mahabaleshwar, shivpuri{m.p.},and many more..so i love my country.............."
if it is on a pallet you can put a layer of water over it. that will keep it fresh all day. just be careful not to let the water and paint mix together too much.
"they are calling people ""happy""? what is wrong with that?"
it's not unsafe. it's just that it will affect the flavor after opening. you can google it- mayonnaise storage.
"you should never look for a spiritual guru because you are the guru for you own body, mind and soul. just be yourself."
"a redneck is simply someone who ha a sunburn on his neck a a result of actually working for a living in the feilds or outdoors, a hillbilly is a person that life simply in the hill or someone that is more down to earth and real, not caught up in society fast paced lifestyles. the term themselves are meant to be derogatory."
tieing a shoe lace is also an art .there are many way of tieing a shoe lace .the motto is that ur shoe should not com out while walking .one of the method is the bunny ear method .make a bunny ear froim the left lace and then another bunny ear from the right lace then make a knot in both the ear .whoa the lace is tied !!
sometimes they see people pull in that they really don't want to check out so they run and lock the door and hang a sign back in 15 min.. so if you ever see one on the door you will know now that you are the person there hiding from. jk it's a joke ok...
you are probably not 'unlucky' but your expectation don't line up with reality. you expect more winning or reward than the world really gives. you need to study statistic so you can see how few people actually can win thing and figure honestly what your odds are so you don't get your hope up. you need to also take up yoga to hellp yourself be more realistic about the world.
have you ever seen a black girl naked? if you havent then think about looking at the geographic channel and look at one of the tribal african women. then ask that question again...if you can!
"this would have to be either alexander the great or genghis khan.. . alexander ha the largest empire of his time, he started out in greece, conquering persia and then into india before dying.. . it is a commonly held belief that had ghengis khan not have died his empire would have stretched from mongolia, all the way into europe - if i remember correctly he died a they were annexing hungary.. . napolean doesn't shake it, him and hitler made the same mistake in taking on russia, they were both ill equipped for the task and both failed."
"it is difficult being a female in situation like this--fortunatley you were with a friend that understands and will help ""bail you out"" of those that get too hard. some woman thrive on that and take advantage of it---they are called tramp amongst other thing (or soon to be exwives) you should still make it a point to thing like that and bring your husband once in a while too---which i know you do"
"do android dream... wa re-released a bladerunner for the movie tie-in, but the text is exactly the same. there wa an attempt to get pk dick to write a ""novelization"" of the film, but he refused. vintage issued a nice trade-sized paperback in the 90 with original title--i think it's still in print."
i saw a programme where they put a toothpick through it - and then in the fridge - you could put in aluminium foil until nearly cooked and then open to brown??
"a fig is a fruit. it's like a date. they grow on palms. fig newton aren't my favorite, but the other newston cooky are really good."
"i would like to see a computer program that simulates evolution. it can mutate anything it want a million time a second. bring it on baby, or shut up until you do. (not speaking to you tom but to evolutionist who can't reproduce evolution even in a computer without cheating)."
"a counselor should be an advisor, and a self development tool.. usually they have many people they advise by appointment only.. . a youth worker should help youth develop their own skill and self esteem, helping them reach their potential, usually in a daily group setting, such a after school programs. . amazingly many young people who have had the opportunity to work with good youth worker go on to become counselor and community leaders."
"it is not difficult at all. if you are still on pro/par, and free it is a success. if you completed your pro/par, and are free, success also. on the other hand(5 fingers), if your pro/par ha been revoked, it is a failure."
"they lost a war, and with it, any claim to the territory they run around calling ""aztlan"" today, all the while waving a mexican flag stupid logic.. . . we bought it from their conquerors."
"i would put hot water in the pot, with maybe 3/4 of a cup of baking soda and heat the fondue pan. what you want is to get the water and baking soda mixture to boil gently for an hour or so. it depends on how your fondue pot works, how it is assembled---whether you should do that by putting the fondue pot in a larger pot on the stove, or just treat the fondue pot like you were making fondue. the baking soda and water work really well with burnt on carbon - and i think that is what you have."
"it is a statistical fact that all christian agree on 95% of the bible. it's just the other 5% that they agrue over. oh, and by the way, there are over 70 sect of christianity.. . god bless."
"every society ha different way of mourning their dead, and so doe each individual. this doesn't seem to do a much with how to deal with grief a it doe to give you idea for decor, a you stated."
are u a guy or girl? geez be more specific
"search under ""williams-sonoma tiramisu"" it is the absolute best recipe. the filling is smooth, creamy, rich, and wonderful. i promise you will love it."
"it is a tool used to control membership and many people behavior they want to control by fear. if there is no such emphasis on everlasting hell, people may not obey their teaching and many see necessity to go to church or find god."
i don't think you can. it is yahoo that deletes the question if they deem them not fit.
"we also got fish finger in the uk, these can either be goujon of fish (fish sticks) in a crispy crumb sold be a benevolent looking sea captain with a penchant for travelling around the world with lota of underage children, or a nickname for a woman of a loose persuasion.. . but you have a good point, i dont really agree with any variety of reconstituted meat product, the thought of ""mechanically reclaimed meat"" make my skin crawl bleagh"
there are certain religion that have a long history of good or bad karma. like one paganism/wicca people think of occult
"salt decrease the freezing point of a solution. that's why the ocean doesn't freeze solid at the poles, and why you can throw rock salt on your sidewalk to melt the ice.. . it's still cold.. . try the same thing with a bottle of vodka."
nickname are a term of endearment and have a psychological effect on those receiving the nickname. i believe you are correct.
people are a**h****. they should come and ask you the right answer
"the same a : isn't it half good"".. . mean you're more or le ok a a person."
'the only way to gain knowledge is to obtain it'.. . study.
that sign's meaning is 'end of pedestrian zone'. it mark the end of an area reserved for pedestrian only; all adjacent street are included in the reserved area until that 'end of pedestrian zone' sign is reached.
these? ♥. . you type in & the word heart and then a semi-colon with no space
"a pyschologist is a person who a specialist who can talk with patient and their family about emotional and personal matters, and can help them make decisions. a therapist is someone who an individual who provides therapy ( it can be psychical therapy like sport or health therapy..that kinda thing) and a psychiatrist is a medical doctor who specializes in the diagnosis and treatment of mental disorders. hope that helped...."
what do you mean? actualy sick? for that go to a doctor office or stand around little kids...and if you live on long island all u needed to be sick today is have a pollen allergy and go outside
"unc mean uncirculated. if any wear show on the coin at all, even just a small rub on a raised part of the coin then it is not uncirculated. while unc coin include those that come packed a uncirculated mint coin sets, they also include coin bought directly fom the mint in roll or bags. you may even get unc coin from the bank if you get roll of coin and you are the first to receive these roll after the bank got them from the mint."
all i can say is....you are far from alone!!! me too!!!
"all these recipe work - just some combination of vanilla vodka and chocolate liquer (creme de cacao). i like to add a little kahlua to mine, too. plus, a nice touch is to rim the martini glass with chocolate. cocoa powder work really well for that."
"i believe that freedom can be brought forth on different level and in different aspect of each of our lives, especially in the area you have mentioned. above all else, being able to express ourselves without any physical harm to anyone is on the top of the chain. if we have that ability and keep an open mind toward everyone about everything, then there are numerous opportunity to find happiness in our lives. freedom shall ring,... that is my american dream."
"the site below tell you the difference. my daughter prefers vindaloo over madras...have no idea why, hotter than anything in my book!"
your friend are a bunch of sallies! jim beam!
"i have been wondering also.. . . btw, cute pic"
"i think every dream good or bad ha a meaning to it. you just have to search for the meaning or just let it come to you. either way you will find out what it means. i wish i could help you more on this one, but i have never dreamed i wa looking for key to my old car before."
"honestly it isn't that bad. but if i were you i wouldn't take it, especially if you are in a hurry. there are many alternatives. hope you have a fun time though :]"
"the bible and the torah were devised in much the same manner a the quran. in the case of the bible, the ot wa originaly the jewish book. the nt came after jesus died and his desiples and follower felt it necessary to write all that jesus had taught in hope of remembering it all and sharing the teaching to future generations. the torah wa originally an oral tradition and teaching that wa passed down from family to family and originally put into word."
"venice is made up of low-lying islands. to get to the mainland, they had to be good at making and using boats. so i guess fishing came easy to them (they probably had to fish since there isn't alot of agriculture on the islands)"
"panner tikka is an appitizer that is made out of panneer (an whole milk product), you could also use tofu instead of panner.. . you got to eat panner tikka a it is without any bread a it is normally made dry............"
"not only the color is different, but white chocolate doesn't contain any cocoa liquor. white chocolate contains only cocoa butter, sugar, dried milk products, vanilla and lecithin."
"the greek were interested in seeking perfection in everything, democratic government, sport, thought, architecture. the roman seemed primarily concerned with expanding the roman empire and celebrating their victory with violent sporting display in the coluseum. usually when one culture take over another they bring their own ideal with them. rome liked the greek culture so much that they adopted much of the greek lifestyle a their own."
"mx3baby is right; not all pinoys are great lover. this is just a generalization of a concept which also applies to citizen of every nation. it's a good thing this attribute is not negative, a opposed to other thing said about people of other country because generalization can get you into trouble sometimes."
we don't want you here. we have enough immigrant to deal with already. please stay home.
self righteousness is when you think you're better than everyone else due to your virtues. pompousness is when you think you're better than everyone else due to your skill or possessions.
"it's really not a big deal and ha no bearing on the validity or message of christianity. the vatican just doesn't like being called a bunch of liars, it's politics."
no... it is not the religion but just the personality and their upbringing
"the council of trent wa a calling of the major leader of the catholic church in response to the protestant reformation. i believe the council began or ended in 1563, but i do know much of catholic doctrine wa re-established and solidified. since, 1517, the catholic church wa literally shell-shocked on how german reformer martin luther managed to quickly gain the supporter of many followers. in order to stop the bleeding throughout europe, the church finally decided it wa time to reform the internal structure of the church a well a firmly establish the major piece of doctrine luther had boldly and effectively exposed during the early 16th century."
"fern that grows in the northeast and canada. grows along riverbanks. a delicacy in springtime in eastern canada. when the fern is young, and ready for picking, it look like the head of a violin or fiddle."
"the aryan migration into india and europe were roughly 4000 year ago. since then the two population in question have for the most part been separated and thus have developed different characteristics. also, the part about aryan being tall, white, and muscular is mostly derived from 1930's nazi propaganda. while some german have those characteristics, it's probably best not to accredit the whole group a such, particularly when the term ""aryan"" actually refers to a people group from the central asian steppes."
"i always thought they were just saying ""oh, oh oh oh oh..."" in any case, i think it's just one of those background chant that used to frequently be heard in song that were popular in the ""radio age."" in other words, the song is about a period in time when music and lyric were simpler, and listening to the radio wa a ""purer"" and ""more innocent"" activity done for pure enjoyment. hence their message that ""video killed the radio star"" meaning that that simplicity of song and lyric doe not transcribe well to visual media, which require physical presence, dancing skills, and all sort of other attribute that a radio star from a ""purer, simpler"" age might not possess."
xavier . gender: male . origin: arabic; basque . meaning: bright; new house
one thing i wa taught: never pee next to someone using a urinal if you just went inside the restroom. use a stall instead. every other urinal should be used because it's the principle of the thing.
"so that he would appear to be harmless, not a threat to his father's murderer.. also, if you think about it, ""crazy"" people get away with all kind of thing ""sane"" people aren't allowed to do. especially in the old day of shakespeare, they could say anything without fear of consequence, and were allowed to basically hear and see everything, because nobody paid attention to them. people didn't care if crazy people knew stuff, because who would believe a crazy person if they told?"
"wow, i don't know what is stupider the question or some of these answers.. . islam's problem are their own design. you cannot have an intolerant religion that belief in the killing of innocent in terrorist attack and not expect to get a bad reputation. every time a bomb go off and picture show cheering muslim the perception of them plummets."
"continue doing what you do ,and do not stop , so that next year you can ask here:. ""i worked a sale manager in travel agency, for 3 year i didn't take rest, what i have to do?"""
sit in a deep dark place....keep some instrumental music just focus in tune ....how they chance...or lay down in a dark and silent place and try to concentrate in your breathing.....if these thing dont work i got a better one....close your eye keep saying splendid.....splendid...splendid you will meet me in yours mind subconscious state....kidding.....try the above should help.. . . good luck.. :)
no.. . but they certainly can sue you for improper conduct and harassment.. . i hope they do.
"come on you guy no need to insult him just because he's ignorant (as in ingnores the facts) listen, when woman get pm we get bloated, we have headaches, we are tired, and we get cramps, and not for just a couple of hours... it last for 5 day or more!! how would you feel if you had to go through that every month for every year for the rest of you life? you'd get pretty cranky too!"
"2 ways, . 1: in a cone, a nice crispy one. . 2: in a cup, where i will stir the ice-cream until it becomes like a shake and scoop it up wit a spoon."
"they all have a meaning and usually, unless you have gone to school for travel and tourism, they won't mean much to the average person. but they are code to tell the airline where you are sitting, travel information, the ticket code so they look it up, etc. i'm not certain what it all means, but i know that it is so the airline can quickly find out information."
they don't do anything with their life of substance to make them stand out from the crowd so they think that by rolling or pulling one pant leg up it will make them an original. of course they are about a original a vanilla ice cream and besides they look like moron like that.
"i think you should take j & k state bus to pathankot from jammu ( 110kms). from pathankot, you can bus hprtc bus to manali, via dharamshala, mandi and kullu. contact hptdc for the detail of journey within himachal. you will find many bus from jammu to manali, run by private operators."
a twink is a young innocent looking guy (generally aged 18-25). it a term commonly used in gay slang.
"for some reason certain religion need a figure which can invoke fear in it's followers. some religion believe that it's better for their follower to fear the punishment than to understand why something is wrong. . satan wa invented for the same reason that wife tale about ""beasts"" in the forest were, to scare their child into not doing what their parent didn't want them to."
"i would suggest painting it half dark-blue and half light-blue, then dip a large sponge in the dark-blue paint and dab it on the light-blue part of the wall, starting at the edge where the two color meet and using le paint a you work farther away from the edge. same thing with the light-blue paint onto the dark-blue part of the wall. otherwise, you could get a professional spray-painter to do it for you."
"monosodium glutamate.. . in a nutshell, it's bad for you. avoid it a much a possible, though it will soon be a standard ingredient in all foods."
"bored, too much time on their hands. or maybe they are just idiots!"
"for a muslim,the journey to mecca is a pillar of islam,a spiritual and physical journey to the core of the faith.. the pilgrimage is required ,once a life time,of every muslim who is physically,mentally and financially able,the reward is monumental: the wipins clean of your state of bad deed accumulated over a lifetime,your emerge without sin,as on the day you were born."
have you ever though that we are trained from birth to hide some of the thing that we feel. if our other half is sick and dieing we keep a much inside to keep from hurting the child or the one that we love or if if we are in pain and our child need something done we do for them. it wa what i wa taught to be strong that the female ha to hold it together no matter what she feels. even if it fell like you are dieing inside.
"scottish gaelic is similar to irish, although most dialect are not mutually comprehensible.. . . much more info at the link below"
"a pack of mule along the bank, tied with some rope to the boat. they towed it that way."
is that a common practice where you live? because i've never seen that before.
last i checked they were both 24 hour long. but that wa when i wa in school in the 80's. so the democrat could have changed it to please somebody.
"i think that the da vinci is a well written book, but completly wrong. it test your faith and then some."
"it's that little rectangle of black bar and number that's printed on the foil wrapper to identify the product. when it's scanned at the checkout, the code is identified by the system a belonging to a creme egg and the till register the correct item and price."
"just like the idea of teenager having relationship - in our society, if a male teen ha a girlfriend at an early age, it's applauded - yet when a female teen ha a boyfriend at an early age, it's frowned upon. this is a doublestandard against women. it's sad how such concept are widespread and condoned (by both men and women) when the majority of the world's population is made up of women. this unfair and sexist view ha been ingrained in u for so long that the programming is difficult to get rid off."
"chanting:. . 'north, south, east, west . 'on double s' family be a hex!'"
"it wa originated and quoted by the last aztec emperor cuahutémoc while he wa being tortured by the spaniard (his foot were being burned), and one of his official who wa also being tortured pledged him to tell the spaniard where a hidden treasure was... this man wa complaining and saying he wa suffering a lot and there wa no need of suffering... cuahutémoc replied ""is it that i'm on a bed of roses?"" meaning his condition wa a painful a his friend's.. . (i'm mexican and i know that story well... :))"
"the largest castle in the world is hradcany (or prague castle, a it is popularly called) in prague, czech republic. you can find it in the guiness book of world records.. . the largest inhabited castle is the royal residence of windsor castle at windsor, berkshire, uk, is originally of 12th-century construction and is in the form of a waisted parallelogram measuring 576.164 m (1,890.540 ft) all around."
live and let live. . . tolerance is the key.
"i believe that they actually want to find a group with which they can conform, rather than to look different.. . a to your last problem. join the rambler's association. get out more :)"
"1. to provide shelter for traveller along the camino real, a a part of the military defense strategy.. . 2. to enslave (oh, sorry, to convert) the local inhabitant to provide worker to produce hides, wine, produce, etc, to supply sailing ship and bring wealth to the colonial governors."
1. los angeles height wise or seattle for number of stories. 2. jamestown the first permanent settlement.
"not common at all. when you do see it, it is usually at very specific culturally sanctioned locations. normally those involving sunbathing/relaxation. (eg beach, public swimming pool, public sauna)"
if the original of this name wa arabic ...so i agree iwth nino in what she said .... . good luck:)
wheelchair sitting should be in the front. contact the arena and local disability advocates.
"well... technically, with the alphabet, the equivalent would be.... a: 아. m: ㅁ. p: ㅍ. . however!!! when spelling in the korean alphabet, it work by syllable clusters, not individual letters. because of this, they don't use initials."
"they are unhappy an in their sorrow they say all kind of things. probably in the case of an expected sorrow, such a death of a near and dear one for whose life they have prayed creates a feeling in them that god is dead, and hence their prayer went unanswered.. . it needn't necessarily be death, it could be anything.. t"
"when the chicken breast is cut off the bone, some of the meat from the rib of the chicken can still be attached to the bnls breast. it is not harmful, it will not change the taste of the chicken. it's just some of that technical crap that they have to tell you on the package."
"ostensibly, it because during summer is when most people take vacations, and demand increase and thus doe price. though i think the price rise just because they have an excuse to."
"well some people do...people just enjoy controversy and drama...so seeing a ""controversial"" movie give them something to talk about. and there's nothing wrong with having an open mind..."
"i don't know about yellow, but our mango here are green and red. it is best when slightly soft. the outside should have more of the red color to it when buying it. i hope that helps."
"ayodhya wa one of the most ancient, largest and most magnificent of indian cities. it is said to have covered an area of 250 km² (96 square miles), and wa the capital of the hindu kingdom of kosala (kaushal), the court.... i think that's what'cha mean"
beauty is truth; truth- beauty. that's all you know on earth and all ye need to know
"he is my savior, if it were not for him suffering and dying for me, then i would be spending eternity in hell, a would everyone else on earth. . to the person above me, the bible a we see it now is extremely accurate to what it read originally. it ha been proven to be the most accurate book in history."
"it depends on who you ask. ""naturism"" is a more pc term to describe nudism, since the word 'nature' doe not have the connotation to shock and offend that the word 'nude' does.. . contrary to what some people believe, 'naturism' is not the same a 'naturalism'. naturalism is about the study of natural science such a biology, botany, zoology and geology although there are some naturalist who enjoy going around without clothes."
it may well be that being filipino ha something to do with it a many asian lack an enzyme called aldehyde dehydrogenase which help break down alcohol. this mean even a small glass of wine can lead to your face flushing and your heart racing.
"a priory is a monastery whose superior is a prior.. certain sect or group of christian like the dominicans, augustinian hermits, carthusians, carmelites, servites, and brother of mercy call their monastery priories.. . you can find lot of detail in wikipedia (and you don't even have to get up from your computer)."
it normally a woman in power who push a man harder and harder and harder and no matter what he doe it not good enough and she will let you know it too! it a total bi**h is what it is
"well it depends on your definition of international social worker and what are you ready to invest. you are a social being and there is a lot of ""social"" around you - start practicing by trying to be good to all of the social around you and then if you need a diploma try the un they are the most international can be . of course you can join one of many endless organization that are doing so - what is exactly your wish by become one? oh and hey - if you give your birthday i can tell you weather you should or not a well"
"29 - because it is the age i am right now. i've earned these year and am looking forward to the one coming after. moreover, it's a good age to be. dumb enough to think i can still rule the world and smart enough not to try."
"die musik.. . it's a cognate, and it's pronounced ""moo-zeek"""
"what a good question.if you make a little research you will find out that name allah wa existed long before islam,it came from annunaki word or you may choose to call them fallen angel or bible is calling them nephilim.it is actually al,laha. now about the meaning since it is very controversial i wont discus about it,but if you wish let me know i will give you full detail"
you can't see me. just a little diss. you don't understand there fore you can't see me.
"same reason they outlawed lobster fishing along the shore of saskatchewan.. . get real!. . have you been watching too much of ""talking to americans""?"
"if it is very bad it will be lumpy. if it's only just gone bad, it will have a bitter taste unlike it's naturally tart but clean taste."
wow! what a stupid and ignorant question! why are you on here?
"olive and red wine both have an umami taste, perhaps they complement each other well?. . personally, i can't stand both, but 2 negative won't make a positive for me!"
they never existed. joseph smith wa a lying con artist victimizing the weak and ignorant.
"no, i really don't know what you mean...are you referring to christian or who? i have no idea, otherwise i would do my best to properly respond to your query."
aucklandtue 11:25 am. new york *mon 7:25 pm. . so 16 hr it look like
ask yourself why you need to use dagger in the first place. aren't you just tired of it all? i think it is time to re-evaluate your life.
get your fill(ets) of salmon fillet recipe at the link below. there are 179 recipe to choose from in order of popularity!
"""we"" are not actually here. you're actually there. i know you're not here co i've looked around and even shouted, but there's definately only me here. you're not hiding are you?"
"i don't know where you live, but if you have whole food grocery in your area, they often have many vegan option to common thing like butter, cheese, meats. since vegan don't eat dairy, some of these product would be ideal for the lactose-intolerant individual. if you don't have anything like a whole foods, try any health food store.. . below is a link to whole foods, some vegan margarine, and some lactose-free margarine."
"really, it's what i believe is a result of personal uncomfort. most people will frown upon the other concept because they're not used to it."
that's how their ancestor and mass medium want you to think. caucasian don't rule the earth! they just think they are because of their ethnocentricity and the fact that their colonial ancestor recognize their own culture a superior whilst those who are not are the white-man's burden to begin with. why can't you be happy being chinese?
you screwed up. you uncorked a bottle. now it is no good to anyone.
you can't say that here. there are kid watching.
"because the one that are follower are shy and insecure. they want to ""fit it"" so they will do anything to become part of the ""in"" crowd. it's sad, really but they should, well hopefully grow out of it. could you imagine how much more chaotic the world would be if everyone wa a leader?"
the liquid that is the adhesive requires the solvent to evaporate and allow it to cure. that is why it doe not set in the tube while it is sealed
my option? do you mean my opinion? . i don´t know because i don´t even know what happened.
"according to vedic standards-india's scriptures-one doe not deserve the title ""human""if he eats-like animals-flesh of other beings:he's an outcast,not worthy of any respect.... so plse,...be a vegetarian!"
"i must say when i read your initial question (how is religion not a virus?) i thought you were being a smart @$$ but after reading your analogy i can see that you put some thought into this. however a virus ha some sort of downfall and religion have a backbone of a positive stroke, we may all not believe that a specific religion is positive for u but for some it work for them. one thing is for sure you really made me look at religion in a whole new perspective..."
"hey oct.29th is my birthday although not in 1929.. . that wa black tuesday - day the stock market crashed (and is why since it my b/day i am cursed with forever being poor haha). . anyway, it actually didn't happen over night --- many people started to buy into the stock market, but bought on credit -- so then people would pay back debt and buy more -- then so many people starting to take out of the bank (this wa before and is the reasoning for fdic - federal insurance on banks) so many people took money out of the bank which caused a domino effect, and the bank literally ran out of money - so could not give people what wa theirs, then came the great depression."
"i don't think so! if you have a lease, you will pay the balance of the lease unless the landlord can install another tenant. you will forfiet your deposit, that is for sure, and you could well be sued for any loss in rent the landlord claims. good luck"
"because the people telling these story wanted to make them impressive. people are impressed by walking on water or loaf and fishes. they aren't impressed by something like ""jesus had the most adorable lisp a a little baby."""
"it mean that the person that asked the question chose your anser a the best answer. if they don't choose it will go up for vote, and then the answer chosen will be chosen by voters."
"hmm, i dunno. maybe you're delusional. or maybe god made you that way."
"i guess that they generally travel after finishing their 2 or 3 year (for officers) in the army, and having undergone such a strict military lifestyle, they just want to let their feeling out and be free.. . a many of them often travel to similar destinations, e.g. thailand, india, nepal, bolivia, peru..., they tend to form large group and do whatever they feel is fun.. . mind you, i have many good backpacking friend who are israelis, but they tend to prefer to travel alone or with their partner and not with a big group of crazy israelis."
very good point. congradulations for having a good brain! ;-)
bank to bank transfer. sew inside small stuffed animal gift?
"it is used to mean you're polytheistic.. before that, it wa a non-christian.. before that, a country-dweller.. in it first usage, in rome, a pagan wa a person who didn't believe in the roman deities."
"i think if you only do good for everyone else, you end up attracting more of the people that take advantage of you. the key ha got to be in balancing good for you and good for others. it hard to make everyone else happy if you're miserable..."
"because people are so consumed with this life and worldy meaningless possesions that we forget that we are going to die and be held accounted for everything that we do. it sort of like that saying ""ignorrance is bliss"", if we dont know the truth then thats our happiness."
watermelon is also juicy. i don't think orange are the juiciest.
"the best thing to do is to ask for donation of money, or ask for donation of item and sell them for money like a rummage sale. you could also get people to bake and sell your baked good for money.. you might even be able to contact a company that ha an older one that they are willing to donate to your cause."
"because if there wa no road, then it wouldn't be any road rules. so the road is at blame."
"if you look it up, you will find:disseminated intravascular coagulation. thank you very much."
find a maple tree[there are lot in northern mich]. tap the tree in da spring when sap is runnin.......get lot of sap boil it.... enjoy pure maple syrup....
"call the cops, post neighborhood watch posters, start talking to the neighborhood people and get rid of the drug dealers. if enough people want them out---they will get out."
"the flour ha gluten in it. the gluten reacts with the water in the dough and when it is put in the oil the high heat cause steam to build under the surface of the crust and it start to rise, and this is what make it puff. ."
a very false prophet from india who thought he wa god. he's dead since 1969 and now know better.
"life itself, and the purpose is to procreate itself and perpetuate ad infinitum. jules, australia."
"if this really mean what i think it means, please don't do it. it is a permanent solution to a temporary problem and no matter what is wrong, it can be overcome."
that may be how you are. you can change if you like.
how about just removing the colorful balloon's effects? turn the room pitch black and you may forget the balloon wa ever there.
"it is a huge turn off . just go to prove , people just don't have proper etiquette these day . are all the gentleman extinct ?"
red is for temporary handicap. like a broken leg..foot..they are usually only good for a month or two. the blue are either good for year or lifetime & just need to be renewed. my brother-in-law got a red one after back surgery....my dad ha a blue one....
"go in new delhi write on the big board ""i wnt a girlfriend on which i can trust, you should be bold and beautiful!!!"". when she show up, grab her and run, run....like a wind.."
put it in the fridge for about 20 minutes. . itll drop out of the pan
that depends on an individual personal taste.. . i love extra extra spicy but my wife can't eat stuff that hot so i season for her & dump extra hot sauce on for myself.
"the first letter of timothy chapter 6 verse 10 states, ""for the love of money is the root of all evils, ..."". . with love in christ."
"probably chinese made rice wine made for cooking available from many asian stores, usually contains trace of salt to deter teenage drinking. i guess underage people can buy them too.. . there are also rice wine for drinking which doe not contain salt. it can also be used for cooking, but is usually more expensive."
"god is referred to a the one but then critic say that jesus said that he ha come that his father may be glorified, meaning they sperate, since god cannot have been here to glorify himself, they also say that when jesus left he left the holy spirit, but they are three in one performing different function for one purpose- the salvation of man, god the creator, jesus the son and edifier and the holy spirit the comforter, they cant work independent of each other. watch tower memebrs criticise the trinity visit their website and see what they have to say, but remember in all you getting, get understanding proverb 4vs7"
because thats what your greatgrandaddy used to feed my great uncle when he wa working on his plantation . what kind of question is this? why doe it matter? are you writing a book?
"i like your perspective. thats what i wanted to say, i just cuoldnt exactly find the right word"
"if you give a mouse a cookie, he gonna want some milk. then he want a napkin, and some paper, and crayons, and a nap. then another cookie. there may be more but yeah thats what i remembbr."
"because of the march of dimes, which wa done to fight polio in the 40 and 50 and beyond. it wa the start of non-government funded research. they figured everyone could spare a dime. he had polio too."
the one i know that ha done that. they said it brings out there eye or hi light it. i haven't seen one yet that doesn't look good w/ blond hair.
"your flesh will be returned to the soil from which it came, and the inner part of you that make you who you are will meet with your creator and will be judged according to your action while you were physically alive. if you knew him and chose his redemption a a covering for your falling short then you will enter into his kingdom, if you never knew him then you will be cast into eternal suffering. plain and simple."
"i grew up in nz, (very beautiful place). the first thing everyone marvel at if they land there in daylight, is the exquisite contrast of the incredibly deep blue sea and the deep green landscape.. the typically followed nz colours, though, are black and white ( just look at the world famous rugby team the 'all blacks') also black, white and red, and (less so) blue and the green of 'greenstone' which are the traditional colour of heirachy, adornment and decoration of the native maori people."
"i really believe this depends on what part of the country your graduation is in. i have attended graduation in texas and have seen anywhere from short (i personally think that wa a little to casual) to sunday clothes, which in my opinion is more appropriate."
"here i am-bryan adams. listen to it, u will understand urself"
"i don't think many people in the u realises that the uk is actually a real, seperate, you know country. they think we are one of those cute litle place they saved from the german but that doesn't have a many castles."
"cadburry chocolates. because their chocolate are not so sweet, and the taste is perfect for my tongue."
because hot ice cream would taste disgusting. imagine solely eating that leftover puddle of ice cream that's usually left in the bowl. ew...gross huh?
"jalapeno is a kind of pepper, so there really is no definition of the word. ""jalapeno pepper"" is an exact a definition a you're going to get."
the best way is to put the soup in the frig until it cools. then when the grease solidifies on the top just take it off!
"picture yourself a someone who is obese with lot of ""rolls"" and living in a big dirty underwear. then picture that same person who is jumping all over the place, causing earthquake in the building with your roll moving up and down. lol"
"because a life evolves and people gain new and better understanding of things, everything else evolves with it. maybe people are deciding that they choose no religion or are open to different things."
"you can't get out of it.. you will just have to bite the bullet & go. once you are there it will probably not be a bad a you anticipate. and besides, it is a day out of the office."
"what doe it matter if we believe you or not? if you want to get rich, work hard, save your money."
"where the character delivering the monologue is alone on stage it may also be described a a 'soliloquy'. writer such a shakespeare used the soliloquy to great effect in order to express some of the personal thought and emotion of character without specifically resorting to third-person narration.. . it is a dramatic convention that soliloquy and aside cannot be heard or noticed by the other characters, even if they are delivered in their plain view."
"well, sound like you witnessed something traumatic involving gun at a young age. maybe a bad shoot-em-up movie or something?. . at least it's only a dream and not real, so take comfort in that....."
"we still make it, i buy it at the company store all the time. i guess your local store stopped stocking it. last summer we started running wal mart great value product and yesterday we ran the garden mix under their label. maybe i should start selling that sh*t on ebay?"
"it's because they know that their own view are indefensible, so they can only respond with hatred and outrage. no-one who wa secure and confident in the truth of their beliefs, and able to defend them with reason, would need to feel that way."
made from the root of a plant.. . good luck and god bless!!
it is a book that wa just made into a movie-it is fiction- but hidden in d'vinci's painting is a code that when they de-sifer it claim to be proof that christ wa a mere mortal and the whole consept of him being the son wa god wa a haux.. some want to expose the hoax to the world and others want to protect the secret so that religion stay in tact.. i need to see the movie to get the whole story but that's the basics.
because they have problem with inferiority complex. and low self esteem.
i just think it depends on what company made what and what term they liked better... by the way your name is the name of my blog... i heart peanut butter
"like crap.. not good at all. taste like drinking cactus water. which in a sense, is what your doing."
"that's like asking what is the true meaning of love. there is no right or wrong explanation for brilliance. it's just something you create and hope for that people find it extraordinary. to make art that speaks is brilliance, to love is brilliance and to feel compassion for one enemy is true brilliance."
"to answer this question, first you have to research how the founding father felt about interest group and political parties. then, based on your research, you have to describe whether or not the founding father were correct or not about their fear by comparing their thought with our national politics today."
in my personal experience if you have too much liquid the recipe come out to wet or it never come to the right consistency. remember that even though sugar look like a dry ingredient it really a wet. sure hope i helped
depends where you are coming from and what you are. if you are american or european you do not need a visa to italy or any other european union country. otherwise from the italian embassy or consulate in your country or area.
because allah the almighty know better what is best for us. we are always granted the best; we only need to believe it is so.
naw not only black people do it. i know lot of people of all race do it. i have even slipped myself doing it before. i can not tell you why...but maybe it laziness...it take a lot of work to say those extra word lol.
for the same reason that caviar doesn't taste like fish!!
"through your lifestyle and actions. and dont be afraid to bring up the subject in casual conversation, if someone is complaining about their life, or problems, invite them to church! god bless u!"
the brain get nerve signal regarding the information it stores. this kind of info is generally stored in the long term memory or the permanent memory. such information is never leaked out or revealed a a certain kind of fear is attached to this information regarding the consequence if it is revealed!
"wow that's a really good question one of the better one i've seen today...kudos to you. i would like to be remembered a a loving, kind, individual who maybe made a difference in someone life through encouragement or a wise word."
look in the mirrir. oh wait you cant see ghost. well look in the mirror and if you find urself missing than you got it. u found a ghost.
at least if you a civilised man you should respect the prophet mohammed a we ordered a muslim to respect and appreciate all god messangers. muhammed is the best one ever been on earth and of high and civilised morlas that is why he had been praised by god a he is of the best morals. first before ask this question pls read about this great man before humilating him.
"being physically strong and driving have nothing to do with it. gay can do those things, too.. get a girl friend. get several. unless you really are gay, of course."
"repent and be baptized: repentance is a positive concept, a change of mind and heart toward god reflected in the actual goodness of one's life. it is in accord with the apostolic teaching derived from jesus (acts 2:42) and ultimately recorded in the four gospels. luke present baptism in act a the expected response to the apostolic preaching about jesus and associate it with the conferring of the spirit (acts 1:5; 10:44-48; 11:16)."
"the kid who joined his cult were run aways. a combination of drugs, and strange custom and ritual eventually brainwashed them. also, he started by having them go in an just trash house or rearrange furniture. he didn't have them kill right away, he weaned them into it."
"""fenian is a term used since the 1850s for an irish nationalist who espouses or is perceived to espouse violence against british rule. it can also specifically refer to member of the irish republican brotherhood (see historical usage below). ""fenian"" is also used by certain member of the northern irish loyalist community a a derogatory collective term to describe anyone associated with irish nationalism or indeed even the republic of ireland."""
"it ha to do with irish independence. those who want to be an independent country are usually catholic. those who support the british monarchy are usually protestant, following the church of england."
"turning a casual friend into a close friend really involves a few things:. 1. spending more time with that person, doing activity that both of you enjoy.. 2. talking with that person on a more intimate level -- rather than just talking about weather or movie or sports, you talk about yourself, goals, feelings, ambitions, .. basically, opening yourself up and trusting the other person.. 3. being there for the other person. help that person out with thing they need help with.. . ""the only way to have a friend is to be one"" - ralph waldo emerson"
"i drive taxi in la vegas. the grand view is one of many time share resort in the vega area. tahiti village, hilton grand vacation and grand view are the 3 biggest."
"because we are human not animals. yes we are all mammal but animal don't love there mate. they just go to them by instinct. but a real true love can only, and should only be shared with one."
"canada doe not have zipcodes, they use postal codes. search on google for toronto, ontario + postal code and you will find what you need."
get a eurail france-spain pass. see link below for information.
"boil a pot of water.. with a slotted spoon immerse egg gently in boiling water and wait for exactly 1 minute. at the end of the 1 minute, take slotted spoon and pick egg up gently and immerse into a bowl of ice water, to stop the cooking process immediately."
"green apple extra. i like the flavor green apple and this is the only company that make it so good. also, try watermelon extra. it's a good new flavor."
"i'm a southern gal we know all about cream gravy.. 1 cube of butter [1/2 cup] melt in a pan add 1/2 cup flour stir add about a quart of milk, until it is the constancy you want. that feed a family. but we use margarine.. my grandma used real butter, cream instead of milk. but thats way to rich."
"it's not english, but the pronounciation would be:. a kwee"
"it's when the mouse, move rapidly around the computer scream while the nice touch pad is carressed softly chasing the pointer of the other person on the screen. when the cursor meet, you have cyber sex. expect a virus in 9 month if you do it without protection"
"find the closest french embassy or consulate, go there, bring your photo and documentation, apply, pay what they ask, pas the security inquiries, take a plane and you will be there!!!"
"to help people with what you know. you've asked your first question, now answer a few. ;-)"
because a bird is smaller than a giraffe???. did i win??
if you're 24 you should be looking for the answer to that question somewhere other than yahoo! answers.
it's because you are unavailable.. they know you are a safe flirt.
"lying is a hard the hardest thing not to do. people tell lie without even knowing it. witholding information(secrets) are lies, saying thing to protect people feeling is lying, lie lie lie are everywhere.if people knew the whole truth about everything, i think the world would be even crazier."
"okay, first let's all focus on girl and brazil for a few moments. rio beach crowded with brazilian beauties, oh sorry, i'm back now , what wa the question again?"
"i experience it alot. it emans when something hapopens like maybe you went to a place or listened to a song in a specific place and you feel ""i have alerady done this"".like i get it everyday i learn something in clkass and i feel like this already happened.if you ever just feel like you have already experienced being at a certain place or doing a certain thing."
"well, wouldn't you be too? i think that it's partly due to eleanor being a gnome, but i am willing to bet that it's mostly because she wear purple tights. don't quote me on that."
usually the bride's mother light the candle and give it to the groom. the groom's mother hand it to the bride. this show that both mother are supporting this marriage.
i think the key to happiness is through jesus christ. and letting him lead your life. god bless you.
"hi i feel some time dowry is necessary in customized country like india.unlike in western countires where both m/f work togeather, here it is still a male who make the earnings. so for a male a new lady entering their family will always be a burden on his earning resourses.. i think this might be one of the reasons."
"you don't. it is their marriage to save, not yours."
the guy down the street sold a better product: ramen noodle with meatballs. jesus lost money and entered a convent.
we are all here for a purpose. we all have are own destiny and purpose in life. we are here to figure it out.
your system probaly interacts with the potassium intake. too much of anything is not good.
"when you wake up , you always plan your day. just make it a point that at such and such a time , i must read my gospel , the word of god is food for the soul, it good you are reading it. just like you set aside time for lunch , do the same for your readings."
"i'm blind, and i drive all the time! i just have huge medical bills, and a tremendous amount of tickets! ;)"
"well, where i'm from...we teen use slang because the ""average"" adult doesn't understand what we're saying. so if we want to hold a conversation about something that'll get u put out of the classroom...we just use slang...and the teacher will be like: ""what?!"""
my poor dear must you ask? well i'll answer than nothing!
"chick-fil-a doe a party tray of nuggets, and many grocery stores' deli department offer vegetable and/or fruit trays. note: veggie aren't a popular a the fruit and meat items, so go lighter on the veggie than your first guess. enjoy, and congratulation upon your graduation!"
"taking two double stuf's apart and putting them together to make 1 quadruple stuf. . . and yes, there just one ""f"""
"because we are only grabbing our dicks. dick are generally clean. i usually wa my hand after taking a leak, but i always wash them after taking a dump."
you answered your own question. why did you bother asking?
they are out of the ordinary so exotic and people make all sort of fanatasies about them. they also seem like something you can never have.
you mean the band? try the site below for info.
it's more and ocd thing but i know someone who ha to put on fresh sock before they get into bed becuase they're worried about getting sock fuzzies between their covers. they can't just take their sock off either because there might be fuzzies stuck to their toes. this person usually put on fresh sock shortly after entering their bedroom a not to track in anything from the house onto the carpet in their room.
"great outlet malls, easy access. near hershey, think chocolate. only problem is that street are named after books, which mean many page to turn."
"well, the truth is you don't. i've never personally thought too much about a guardian angel but i do know that god is watching over me and that's all that i need. you don't need to know if your guardian angel is with you because you're being looked after; don't worry."
"not sure what you are talking about. i have never tried to by more than 5 jar of pickles. but, what happens if you go to sam and buy 5 large jars.. . are they going to start selling pickle behind the pharmacy like they do sudafed?"
because it in the northeast. you'll find that in nyc and philly also.
"crispy ha air pockets, like in rice krispies, if you look closely, there are tiny hole in them. crunchy is harder like them new cheetos in the turquoise bag."
"smile, say that it wa good of him to enlighten you with his/her/it's point of view, and that you'd get back once you'd figured the depth of the person's insight which that person wa so good to share with you.. . the next time the person try to corner you, smile and rush off saying that you'd a broken garter or broken a heel or something like that.. . guy will have to think of some reason or the other to fob off the person without bopping him, cause violence will feed to his frenzy and make him a martyr, at least in his own eyes."
"i must confess,i am quite gullible, . faith, is my middle name"
"because they seem to have the mothering hen, know it all problem... with the world... . they don't realize that a respiratory therapist spends the same amount of time in school a they do"
"1) wash it. 2) buy a new one. 3) only use that opener on tuna, and buy another one for other stuff. 4) pickle juice"
"spot on.. in my experience they were the 1 & only time i had them read, never repeated it tho. . i prefer suprises."
"the problem is that people dont believe what the bible says. they choose only to follow what they think. we should forgive, but only in a godly sense so that if they are ready to change honestly we should forgive, but if they are only interested in doing more bad thing we should remove ourselves from fellowship with them, they give god a black eye by what they do."
"cuz they (the pepol) might lose it if they walk. sort of fright - flight response, natural to most living beings, animal included."
"nah, ignore them, i think you're hott!. . but still, i think mainworry's hotter, sorry :("
"i have never pondered this, but you have a point. i've been kicked in the nutsack a couple of time and there wa nothing funny about it. plus it can damage your reproductive capability (which i don't need anyway, but hey)... so there.. question answered. -beaver (rock island, illinois)"
"being a loving and generous person is enough, yet there are individual that on a different plain than the non-materialistic ones, having treasure in heaven is much better than all the treasure in the world because the heavenly treasure are actually thing that will last and are usefull.. . ""failing forward"" is a good bood to read if you are having problem with failing trying to succeed, failure is what make u successes."
"you can find ground chicken everyonce and a while but it is really hard to cook with. because of the consistancy of raw chicken it turn into mush. i tried making chicken meat ball with it once and they fell apart and just kinda got yucky,"
"it come from the fruit ""baneberry"" which wa a poisonous fruit given to enemy in old england.. the actual expression is ""bane of my life"", meaning ""he will be the death of me."
use phase like this...i'm fully naked and wanan to see u nude also ..!!!
"i would say hispanic anything relating to spain. and latin referring to all country in central and south america, which of course, also had their start with spain to some degree."
the grail wa just a cup. the priory of sion wa invented in the 1950's to give credential to a pseudo-noble in france.
"i use to work at walmart in high school. dealing with impatient people and rude customer all day can be quite taxing. a a chipper person...after about the 5th hour, the smile fades... . lesson here: in spite of the rude cashier, flash them a smile, it may make their day :)"
"what we have is not evolution, what we have is creativity and adaptation. we are able to adapt to the circumstance around us. with out creativity, we will be able to survive for a long time, because we are able to think of new items."
"not all of them are. some put out something fierce or have big, non-sagging breast and aren't fat, ugly or hairy. the best non-bitches have this criterion and a mixture of low self esteem, low alcohol tolerance and loose morals."
"you do not. you are born into a caste, and you can go down in caste but it is almost impossible to go up."
black is my favourite color. and their is no reason behind it
"sort of....i used to dream that i have a place of my own, a car, a good job and be independent.. . now i have a great job (which i earn quite a good sum), i have an apartment (share with my 2 friends) and i just bought a car last year. i'm also independant, a i live in a different country from my parents."
"spray with hair spray, wash, and repeat until completely gone. do not dry in between. good luck!!!"
"it's tradition. each bean represents love, happiness and health."
"it is an insult amoung non user and a badge of honor amoung user of crystal methampetahmines. non user do not understand the nature of how a user will ""tweak"" around with thing while high..the brain go so fast the hand need something to do while the body doe not sleep.to a user the term tweaker is a fond, funny identifier for u who know the amazingly inventive thing one can come up with while high on meth. meth can be injected, smoked or inhaled (and a relatively few person will actually injest it thru food or drink too..but this is pretty rare. in my experinces those who inhale it tend to get weirder and paranoid over smoker or slammmers."
"first you need to deprogram about 2 thousand yr of religion then hammer the truth to every available surface so that they have no choice but to study it. if your lucky you may get roughly 40% to see it your way, the remainder will carry on due to faith in their belief's"
"horse are not physically capable of vomiting. . . once they swallow, it is not coming back up."
it mean you like jewelry on your ankle! what do you think?
"it might look the same both ways, but on any flag the toggle (a wooden pin) is used to tie off the top of the flag. if the flag is tied with the toggle on the bottom, it's upside down. it's considered an insult to fly a flag upside down."
unless you are a licensed law officer and have clearance in advance you can not bring a gun into our country a far a i know. canada ha very strict gun laws.
"that's not necessarily true. 2 of my ex boyfriend are whiny little bitches, while i'm just chill and laid back."
the diem government in vietnam wa a dictatorship by a christian ruler selected by the u to rule a predominately buddhist country. supported by u force of arms. the u professes to believe in rule by the people.
"garam masala. . indian chinese is cooked so that it crispy, sweet-sour and spicy.. . not what actual chinese chinese-food taste like ;)"
you ask that question but you don't put what your skill is. no offense or any thing. but this is an unjust question.
"choice of religion is a personal thing between the person and god, it can't be forced. unfortunately, some people don't realize the importance of making the ""truthful"" choice.. . a good book is ""thirsting for god in a land of shallow wells"" . by matthew gallatin"
"would you be happier if all the white got voted off first? the problem is that ""racist"" or ""racism"" is used too loosely. could be because they just didn't get the votes."
"you're suppose to mix 1/2 pork sausage & 1/2 ground beef together, then form patties...voila! hamburgers!"
it come with not wanting to hear the truth. it more fun for other to hear about something bad so that it make there life look better.
"shyness mean to feel unsecure towards other people. the origin of this may vary, but commonly is related to autoritarian parent who generate fear in the child. it is highly recommendable to visit with a good psychologist latest at the age of eighteen, because then there ar many chance to get rid of shyness and not to have to suffer for a lifetime."
"you can grate it, use a ""zester"" (small hand-held tool that scrapes/peels the lemon zest off in strips), or even using a paring knife to score & scrape. just be sure not to get the pith (the underlying, spongy white part).. . good luck! :)"
"having your own brings the joy and miracle of life, for those who cant it heartbreaking. yes there are a lot of baby without parent however overseas adoption isn't easy and although i think some of the red tape associated with international adoption is ridiculous i understand that it is necessary to protect the children. people have baby for many reason but they don't have child to leave them alone to suffer or die."
"in term of support for the biblical account of christ's resurrection, no other option besides his actual resurrection make sense when you consider the inexplicable change in the disciples' behavior after jesus wa said to have risen from the dead--something the disciple did not easily believe in the first place. it's too long for me to re-post here, but i've written an analysis at the link below of why the resurrection of christ is the only option that make sense, if the other detail in the new testament account are looked at in context. i use ""the passion of the christ"" a a reference point with regard to the violence of christ's crucifixion."
"make them face the consequence of having sex before considering how a baby would affect their lives. i hope it doe become illegal, those woman do not deserve any rights, so what if it's ""their"" body, they need to grow up and face it like a strong woman, not a coward and murderer."
why would they be jealous? if anything im jealous of them lol (their accents)
"the term stuttering is most commonly associated with involuntary sound repetition, but it also encompasses the abnormal hesitation or pausing before speech, referred to by stutterer a blocks, and the prolongation of certain sounds, usually vowels. (sometimes in british english this is also called stammering!)"
"haha leap in technology, invented by american hahahaha, you mean funded by american who take credit for other people inventions, if it wasn't for an englishman and an english lady, you wouldn't even be here, because you wouldn't have a computer. i agree with the first answerer, it's an oxymoron."
evangelism is proclaiming the gospel (good news) of jesus christ to the lost. evangelism is extremely important for this is god's mean of bringing the saving gospel of jesus christ to lost sinners. note the emphasis placed upon this by jesus himself a he closed out his earthly ministry
"this is related to what ha been termed, by chalmers 'the hard problem' of consciousness. when someone is presented with the colour blue their brain activity can be monitored to a certain degree and there is a fair amount of knowledge of 'what go on' in the brain in response to the colour blue.. . but precisely how the brain give rise to the inner conscious phenomenon (or 'qualia' a it is sometimes called) of the perception of the colour blue, is a complete and utter mystery. chalmers suggests that consciousness may be an irreducible feature of the universe and we will never understand it, other scientist reckon it is too early to come to that conclusion."
"nahhh i wouldnt go to the states, every body hate american and cant stand them. stay away from the state unless you wanna get bombed! the only reason i would go would be to see a football game or a nascar race."
"a pseudo science, based on uncertainty, and used to distract student from actually building an a-bomb. do you really think a goverment funded school, would teach anybody how to gain nuclear power? first, you have to sell your soul to a corporation, and then they might tell you the truth, maybe, or maybe not...."
work out. eat healthy. have a good sex life. have faith in your god.
"it doesn't. it's a fungus.. . ""yeast = any of various unicellular fungi of the genus saccharomyces, especially s. cerevisiae, reproducing by budding and from ascospore and capable of fermenting carbohydrates.. any of various similar fungi."""
the last hotdog and roll i bought were 10 hotdog and i had a choice of 8 or 12 rolls!!!
"dan brown ha created much attention with his gnostic gospel rehash, but it ha provided excellent opportunity to tell people the real story, so it's not a bad thing.. . you have to be really gullible to think that his story resembles history, so it's no real challenge to the genuine gospel. i mean, he start by saying, 'this is all true', and everyone goes, 'uh, ok.'"
"to do the work you are talking about you need a knowledge of local conditions,however there is a dept that deal with overseas positions, write to the govt affair dept or get info from the nearest overseas consulate to the area you wish to work in for advice. failing that of course many church along with aid and red cross agency also work in many of these places. i would write one letter just changing the heading for each and hit them al;l together that will save hanging around for week after each reply you'll get them all together."
first taste the pork while you are in the store this will probley taste nasty because it will be uncooked but while the meat man is back in his protective room you know the one with the cool glass window thing anyways while he is back there barfing because he just saw you eat raw pork sneek back there and take the pork he should have been cutting and run home forget about your car ok just run home once you get home throw the pork in the skillet immediatly and cook it and make your self some pork chop . . you can do this
"emma,. it' not that you chose not to believe but i think you chose to believe something else. what make the one you chose more preferrable than the other make the difference: you.. no more ultimate source of act or action than your core, otherwise, we are all just puppet in the biggest muppet show. and my core or being chose to refuse that.. -my existence is my only proof-"
"any idea, memory, word, sound...anything that signal your brain.. . ♥ rhapsody"
it's something similar to 'i don't care' only in a harsher tone. i actually took it literally once and well... let's just say the guy didn't taste very good. (yuck!)
"love cannot be defined. it is like catching the wind.. try a you might, it doesn't happen. you can say a million word describing it, but if you can describe it, then can it really be love? thats just my side..."
"o.o; the usa is a country, ran by corporation and money.. . i don't hate it. we could live somewhere much worse."
"actual texture = did you use an actual piece of an item in your art such a wood, plastic, metal, cloth, paper or other texture.. simulated texture = to use one item, painted or colored to make it represent another item. such as; you can paint a piece of poster board to look just like flannel cloth but to the touch, it will still be poster board. the eye is fooled by the painted texture of the cloth on the poster board."
"my ex boyfriend. ha ha! ok, no. evil is someone who intentionally doe thing to harm others, either physically or mentally."
"good question. i'd say, confidence, intelligence, great character, lips, nice teeth, good smell...accents, foreign languages. a lot of thing could be sexy."
"there is a well recognised sixth sense called proprioception - our sense of where our body part are. close you eye and touch the tip of your nose with your finger. almost everyone can do it, but have you ever wondered how your finger know where your nose is?"
once i had a bream. it ended in disillusionment.
"you will have a horrible slow death you asshole. . dont dis jesus, he died for your idiotcy so you could be free of sin and you dont believe in god, god is my homey, you are a piece of shit dude."
"get a sage stick and burn it while walking around the whole house saying ""i cleanse all evil from this house, may the evil energy leave, i cleanse you now and make this a house of white and pure"" after go to a nature site and write this on some recyled paper ""i am but a good soul on this earth, nature is forgiving, may the curse leave me now"" read it a you burn it under a oak tree, burn it from a lit sage stick, then at night say ""thank you earth element, i love nature"". . it should work, but may take upto a month to take effect, do the house cleanse on a sunday and the nature self cleanse at full moon at midnight, if this doesnt work it is a very strong curse, in which case contact me."
"oraganic milk is lactose free. thus without any lactose, the organic milk stay fresher."
"i think that continental would be european but with exclusion of british isles. anyway there isn't such a thing a ""continental european cuisine""; in the contient, german food is much more similar to british one than to italian one for exemple."
if you were knee high to a grass hopper (or a tall a a grass hopper knee) then you would be really short. it mean when you were young.
u don't have to create another id for chat. ur mail id is ur chat id with same password use it for another service of yahoo a well
"jehovah's witness understand ""speaking in tongues"" to refer to actual preaching in an actual literal foreign language, allowing foreigner to learn god's word and jesus' teachings.. . the scripture indicate that when the bible writing wa complete, such miraculous gift would cease:. . (1 corinthian 13:8-10) but whether there are gift of prophesying, they will be done away with; whether there are tongues, they will cease... for we have partial knowledge and we prophesy partially; but when that which is complete arrives, that which is partial will be done away with."
"the name geraldine is the female form of gerald. it is of germanic origin (including saxons) and it means: “rules by the spear, ruling spear”."
"no, not at all.. it wa not in stride with their ""christian"" beliefs, it wa out of spite and desire for land, the holy lands."
"i agree . i have often wondered about that whenever i come across a morally reprehensible post or comment ; and i have to believe that people who post disgusting ,hateful or bigoted crap online just didn't get enough love in their childhood and are looking to shock people for attention ; or they have blown out their last brain cell on drug .that said-i can not figure out in my wildest dream , how they can navigate a computer ; or even why-in that frame of mind .it doe make you wonder .."
rosewater is water that is infused with rose petals. it boil for a awhile and then cool ot and it smell like roses.
a few differences. most christian believe similar thing unlike the false religion of those who knock on doors.. . say no more.
in good quality life we should show respect to others. on a personal note we all should take some time per week or so and volunteer to help others. there are many association that need volunteer and one for each and every person interest.
"it basically mean ""male"".. . like if you have a brother, you cannot just say ""adik"" (which mean sibling, could be male or female) you say ""adik lakilaki"" to show it's a male sibling."
his car wouldn't start.. he phoned aaa but they were late too.
"i guess the right number is 011 81 80 65.....no zero before 80 for international call, try this. hope u can reach her!"
"i am one, she need to get a rape test kit done and examined by a doctor, charge need to be laid. trauma councellors and pschologists need to be seen. dont touch her (my personal opinion), just support what ever she chooses. heidi"
it's to help open the eye wider and stretch out the skin to get it fully covered. it's the same thing a when a man manipulates his face in order to get the right shave in every corner.
"if we all got on with living and minding our own business we would be a better society, everyone need to prove a point . who care what people do it only a sexually gender big deal is made of it.concentrate on more important issuue`s."
"the theatre always ha been, and always will be, important in this world. it is art, entertainment, creativity, and more.. . it is a disgrace that many school have eliminated the fine art (and art and music in general). people cannot become well-rounded if all they know is math, writing and technology."
"to me it is referring to the ultimate creative act, bringing new life into the world. only female can do that. it's an awesome power."
"the commandment is correctly translated a 'thou shall not murder'. killing, in self-defense or in a time of war is permitted, even obligatory."
"well, i heard that you can lessen the chance of it happening if you excercise your mind and keep it active. it is just like muscle, if you don't use it, you are going to lose it."
lumen = light. . without it there is no why and definitely no beauty.
10 year ago 16 child and their teacher were killed at dunblane primary school. they were shot by a man called thomas hamilton who then killed himself.
most people say 'breaking'. but people on the scene don't use the word 'breakdancing' they say 'b-boying' and they call themselves 'b-boys' and 'b-girls'. wanna know more? check out the link:
"no one matter but yourself, when you get older you will realize that. most people are fake, ignorant, and hypocrits. just be yourself and don't worry about other people and you will live a much happier and healthier life!"
use coupons.there are crazy people out there that put out coupouns for stuff you already buy. my mom ha save atleast $100 every month like this but i go and spend it all on shopping!!! hehe =p
i no right. they keep doing it to me and like the person above said... they are only in it for the points... they dont care about others (like me) who really need help or are asking for advice... they just care about themselves.....
"in the book subject ""the art of..."" is notifying you that what ever come after, such a ""war, marketing, etc."", is being worked or described maybe even over worked a ""the main topic"" there for, like-the art of war-, it will talk about the way a war of the past or the reason these war have been fought. ""the art of"" indicates there is an art to what you do or ""phrase""!!!"
i think the point of the assignment is for you to be creative. there is no right answer. just try a few thing and go with whatever come out of your head.
"because you're like nearly every other person that eats asparagus.... . asparagus is filled with sulfur-containing amino acid that break down during digestion into six sulfur-containing compounds. these can impart a unique smell to urine a they are excreted. ""it's the same sulfur group that make skunk smell,"" said barbara hodges, a dietitian with boston university's nutrition clinic, the evans nutrition group."
true. maybe people started following jesus and then they later found out that mary slept around on joseph. they could have made that story up afterwards to cover mary's illicit ways.
"the sound of water, like babbling brooks, waterfall or the ocean waves. it's soothing in the most hypnotic way."
ha ha ha you're funny. they stopped serving pie...
"different thing turn different people on.... some have this thing about feet.... some have this thing about big/or small boobs.... . maybe you can feel the spark coming off her fingers.... there is energy there.. . some dogs, when they hear a bell, start to salivate.. . find yourself a good finger snapping women, she probably like music."
"it's much more than working with the kids. you also have to deal the the parent and the school administration, both of which can be a challenge."
they like a person to show their affection. . they like their food because their hungry.. they like themselves because their silly.
"mostly spain, portugal, england and france. later, the dutch had great trade empire all over the world too..."
it's romanian.... . and depending on the context means... . casual or indifferent.
exactly how many time do you need to ask this question? you seem to have an obsession. seek professional help.
"some festival were devoted to a certain god or goddess. you had to go to their temple and make an offering, watch some procession and singing. at vesta's temple, the guy could have sex on her feast day.. on civic holidays, the roman went to the colosseum and watched wrestling, horse races, dances.. a roman society decayed, more violent pastime were called for: gladiatorial contests, fighting lion and foreign beasts, beast eating christians."
it should be taught in school a part of ancient greek civilisation. other relgions should be taught a well according to the contribution to their culture and civilisations.
"for me, a line is bunch of dot that are connected closely and continuously in a path. a for the use of positive and negative space, it is there to help you define your foreground from background, subject from background, and illusion of dimensons and forms."
"first, there is a lot of historical documentation outside of the bible that prof jesus existed. that's not in question by any serious historian. furthermore, there are those who say king arthur did exist, but it seems most likely that the arthurian legend are really a kind of composite of the life of several english king from the dark ages."
"there is no one way... if you use a layer mask, you can use a variety of selection tool to work closer to your target, add and remove bit manually, etc. hair is one of the hardest thing to select, and there is often no ""perfect"" answer, because the pixel round the edge will be getting part of their colour from the object, and part from the background, especially with something like hair with it complex shape, colour and texture."
"not sure what you mean. laus deo is latin for ""praise be to god."""
"good question require thought and knowledge. some people are looking for an easy two point and thusly will answer the ""stupidest"" questions."
"maybe you'd prefer they all act like skanks? i hope not.. perhaps they're simply not interested in you, not all black men."
"i would recommend you first put your mind in a neutral position. then start reading and observing. if you find you still have seteotypical thinking, then either you are right, you never put your mind in a neutral position or you missed something."
i think people that are answering with the fact are really quite dependable with the fact that they present. it is the esoteric question that people like you ask that get answered the most.
if you have a cup made out of pottery (not glass or ceramic) then you can use the underside of it to sharpen your knives. it's what i use.
"if there were ten more telling you the same thing, would it make you believe more? some people won't believe no matter how many account are told, some people will easily believe with only one account. i believe there are four so that we can see the different view point from those that wrote them, and with four, we can see the similarity in them."
"you blackout because the hippocampus of the brain, responsible for short term memory function, fails to work because of the amount of alcohol consumed. any alcoholic drink, if consumed in sufficient quantitiy, can cause the hippocampus to falter."
"because nature, through evolution, creates ""desire"" in individual animal in order to promote activity which continue the gene line: eating, procreating, sheltering from the elements, retreating from pain, etc.. . doing all these thing will increase the chance of passing your gene to the next generation.. . so any animal which seek these things, is likely to pas that instinct to the next generation."
"a a christian, the idea of paedophilia disgust me, and that no-one who perpetrates such an act will escape scrutiny of god. there are also plenty of others out there who do this who have no religious affiliation."
tasted like egg but without the nutrition. i felt cheated and angry. do not eat them a it will endangered your health.
try terry uniform company. i don't know if you have to buy in bulk though.
if you mean the one in florence then it's giotto. there are many campanile in italy.
i wish you didn't! i will pray for you ok?
people get depressed for any number of reason but suicide only happens when all hope is lost. all hope can be lost for any number of reasons.
are you going by train or car? if it's train then you need to get the train from liverpool street station to sudbury. then you'll need to get a taxi from there - it's about 7 miles. if you're travelling by car then try the direction in the link below.
made to have low air resistance. like some fancy cars.. . landscape? probably not.
"absolutely not. she is more like a shovel or a rake. yah, i think she's more a rake than a shovel."
the da vinci code is fiction based on fact. it involves a secret supposedly about jesus' mortality that the church conspired to have covered up. this secret is about to be revealed by it keeper (the priory of sion)and in the plot of the book the opus dei and some other character are preventing it from being made public. it's riveting and exciting so read the book so that you don't miss out on detail in the movie!
"start simply..make your first ""meeting"" to discus sea mammals, then slowly change from the plight of the walrus, to how people are murderer and deserve to be pushed into the ocean. if you are pretty enough and eloquent people will be stupid enough to fall for it and do whatever you want them too. hitler did it...but gandhi did it too..use this information wisely."
he fed them the page from the story book where 'noah's arc' came from!! and you actually believe it wa true??
"just remember this...your friend don't get to decide whether or not you go to heaven, only god does. so who would you rather please? your friend or god?"
holy blood holy grail wa non fiction.. davinci code wa fiction.. . the biggest difference is that da vinci code sold million of copy and made dan brown rich.
what that mean is that if it call for 4 tablespoon of olive oil...the recipe want to use 2 tablespoon for one part and 2 tablespoon for another part of the recipe..therefore you are dividing the total of 4 tablespoons. that is just an example. read over the entire recipe and you will see that the olive oil will be used in 2 different occasion in the recipe; maybe some to coat the pan and some in with the other ingredients. i hope this helps.
timeshares are home (usually in major vacation spots) that you buy/rent with other people. so you pretty much share a house with other people and family and everyone ha a week (or more) a year that they may use it
first you need egg roll wrap they sell them in the produce department.. . we use un seasoned ground pork cabbage carrot onion fresh ginger garlic salt pepper and soy sauce. make your filling put some in the center of a wrap fold in edge and roll up glue shut with a paste made from flour and water
"maybe not all the french are sissies, but there ruling government sure is. the last war they won wa the french revolution, which they lost too."
"same here! i also dont know the real reason, but i keep a light open or reverse my pillow so i can continue sleeping.. . they also associate it if one is too stressed, they have a problem, or they have some kind of illness.:)"
"masturbation is completely natural in one privacy, and healthy.. . think of it this way -- you can't get someone pregnant or become pregnant... you don't take the risk of std's ... you learn more about your body and what plea you.... and you can roll over and sleep afterward =)"
"it doe not say in the bible how he died. it only record that god called him up mount moria, and that is the last recording of moses. either god sent him to heaven alive, or he buried him up there."
it's easier just to buy veganaise. by far the best-tasting vegan alternative.
"american indian or indian from india?. . american indian are called that because early explorer thought that they had landed in india (their destination) and called the native there ""indians""."
turning out mean dumping it out basically. just a fancy term to confuse people.
"use a big dry erase board, or excel spreadsheet depending on what the employee like. usually they're either weekly or bi weekly depending on the pay period."
it means: since it ha to be this way. . it is an expression in japanese used when two people separate.
"a california-based gang that wa constantly at war with another gang, called the bloods. . recently their ex-leader wa put to death, after being denied clemency."
"are you new to england? that's how it is all over, lovely mixed weather :)"
can you say that slower! it's hurting my head!
"meishka is not a language, it's doesn't have a meaning like most name simply because it's a made-up name. somebody just made it up. it is kinda cute though. : )"
"haven't you seen, dr.know. he did a study proving that gum chewing increase brain fuction and concentration.. . american's aren't stupid, just young."
christian are human... to fear is human.. . revenge is not limited to people of one religion or another.
"it easy to make snap judgement about something you are not too familiar with. this is why the rest of the world is telling america to travel abroad sometimes, just to see what it like."
"father x son x holy spirit = god. . hey, it works!"
be so polite that you pas instantly. or be so rude that the people can not help you and kick you out.
try taking a mensa test and see how you fair right now. a standard iq test will give you an idea where you rank with the rest of the people that have taken them already. give one a try. if you get better then 140 on it you may have a chance at genius-ism.
"one form would be to scan an old photo that might be faded or have cracks, scratch and/or dust spots.. . the electronic file could then be digitially repaired (using a computer and photo editing software) to improve quality and remove imperfections."
"it come from the greek word ""gnosis"" which mean 'knowledge.' the term gnostic ha come to mean those adherent of esoteric knowledge of spiritual truth held by some to be essential to one's salvation.... . while agnostic is one who remains uncertain or uncommitted to the existence of god or a deity/ies..."
pharaoh of egypt during egypt's golde age. the pharaoh wa the man.
"in a 'nut shell' it is a work of fiction in which the author set out to prove that the holy grail is actually the blood line of christ, or that christ had children.. da vinci painted 'the last supper' and from this painting the author of the book deducted that one of the disciple wa a women, namely mary magdalen. the author then further deducted that christ wa married to this woman. etc etc... it go on and on, but it is a great novel and worth reading, i wish i had written it!. the book of course is completely fictitious, a is the bible, but really well worth reading, or if you can't be bothered see the movie!"
"well, u seem well prepard and have a deep understanding of this art. my guess would be that your time hasn't come yet!. good luck!"
"christianity is a religon, but the main thing is the relationship w/ christ jesus. jesus doesn't want/need u to dress fancy or confess before a priest just to talk to him. jesus want u to toss the meaningless rule that don't further the kingdom out the window and have a personal relationship w/ him."
"they have always been there, travellers, nomads, tinkers, different people use different names. they are basically people who live life on the move and never settle in one place for long."
"the amount of caffeine, sugar, empty calorie, artificial color and flavoring cause havoc in your body. once in a while is fine. a with everything: moderation.. it is better to have the bulk of your drink (water not included, it's just for hydration) have some sort of nutritional value."
collect can or recycables and sell them or have a garage sale and sell all your belongings. and replace them when you do get a job.
"dunno - can you see a giant calendar from your window?. . i can't tell any difference, personally.. here, in a country with a christian heritage, sunday morning are normally a little quieter (some of the shop open later, and some of the public transport run le frequently)."
pick the one that cook the best and make you happy. a nice *ss doesn't hurt either
they might be attracted to ur red hair. it not very common and is very attractive to most people..
"the o is the head, the r is the hand on the ground, and the z is the knee and leg. it's like doggie style of you know what... but it stand for an emotion like dispair and failure... down on your knee with head down.... another variation is otl..."
"the mountain wa named by andrew waugh after sir george everest in 1865. everest wa the surveyor-general of india between 1830 and 1843 and waugh wa his successor. before that time, it wa known a peak 15."
"easy! they just ""interpret"" the bible to mean whatever they want it to mean."
no love. sad. freedom of religion is much better.
i've never seen an indian person working at a dunkin donuts. maybe there are many indian people in your area and that's the best job they can get...
im in six grade to and we like boy who have confidence we want you to come up to u we dont want to have to chace you it make u feel better about ourselves because that say you pay attention unlike sum boys. but if u don't remember any thing remember to b sweet but not to sweet u no wat i mean got go c ya
dip in flour then in egg wash and again in flour . wait 10 minute for the flour to get tacky and then dredge in crumb or batter dip before crumbing
however hard we try to be ascetic we can never become one. since we remain the centre of our life n our universe it is very natural of u to take every single not-so-good thing that happens to u a bad n since they are so big in number that we get frustrated n ask a to why such bad thing happen to u only.. it ha one good point. there are so many people suffering with so many problem that if we start asking such question about them then we will hardly find time to be satisfied n enjoy the few happy moment that we get.. this is the virtue of selfishness.
"because one day, a hominid walked out of her cave --pointed upwards and said : bluuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu and then her uncle/brother came out and said: bluuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu and then they ate some bugs.. . i hate why questions."
yea because your heart actually stop beating!!. . and you should be blessed god let you live i assume..
people from guadalajara that are full of themselves. . ... or possibly - 'little bat shits'
"the truth is. it is a book of lies. if you want the real truth, read the bible. that is the true gospel of jesus christ."
"shell color is determined by the breed of hen and is not related to quality, nutrients, flavor or cooking characteristics. since brown egg layer are slightly larger bird and require more food, brown egg are usually more expensive than white."
it's because they don't mature at the same rate we do.. . it's also because they feel they have something to prove - especially to girls/women.. . and the older they get...the weirder they get.
"i think it is because not everyone is a smart a you and some that have read the book think that the book is 100% factual. i am not catholic but i think that they are not being scared by what is said about them, a much a they are afraid of people believing every word of the book."
a member of a jewish movement that arose in the late 19th century in response to growing anti-semitism and sought to reestablish a jewish homeland in palestine. modern zionism is concerned with the support and development of the state of israel.
"forget yesterday,for the day is today and tomarrow is yet a dream,know that i am what i am,and what i may not be,tell me friend,what is to be of me today if not for tomarrow in a dream,life.... . in life you're a hammer or a nail,be the hammer and everything else is the nail"
if you are an artist you will doubt you should be one all the time. so i guess you just don't.
"it's so effective because it take whatever it is criticizing to a point that you have to laugh and prof the truth of the criticism. effective satire ha to be based on ""truth"" - the characteristic satirized have to be there, exaggerated but there.. . example: ""you might be from wisconsin if you consider it a sport to gather your food by drilling through 38 inch of ice and sitting there all day hoping that the food will swim by."""
"what do u mean by islam is true. other religion are false. all the religion are true withtheir way. islam ""is"" ""laming"" people."
"go with against abortion huh? thats nice phrasing, i think every birth a a natural chance of aborting itself more so in guy then gals. but forcing it like we do is unatural but it a benefit we get because of our technology, a far a nature go it doe it on it own."
"might be a scam, for all i know, otherwise, your question. doe not compute."
"if you travel before 6/7/06, the next train leaf at 1:07 am. you do not need to change train at düsseldorf main train station, instead travel directly to duisburg (there is no need to ""back track""). the fare is 32 euro, no need to buy two separate tickets.. if you travel on or after 6/8/06, the next train leaf at 10:32 pm (via dortmund) and get you there by 12:48 am (24.30 euro)."
"to the contrary, white wine have more sulphur dioxide added than reds. this is because the white wine are more delicate and spoil more easily than reds. red wine have more tannin (because they are fermented for awhile along with the skins) and more histamine levels."
i well send over the romulians and kilgons in my front room over to help you out. but i'm keeping the wookies for myself
sadism and masochism.. . sex play wherein one partner intentionally cause the other physical pain. it is different from b&d or bondage and discipline because the latter often only involves restraint and no more pain than a playful spanking. s&m involves actual sadistic harm to the masochistic partner who derives sexual satisfaction from being hurt and humilated.
lambrini or lambrusco. that's all it took when i wa a student and only a couple of quid a bottle!!
it's a status symbol. it show that you ahve so much disposable income that you buy your water in bottle rather than getting it free out of the tap at the sink.
"technically, black woman received the right to vote with passage of the nineteenth amendment in 1920 (along with all other women). the right to vote without regard to race came with the fifteenth amendment in 1870."
why should they be familiar with it? it is neither local language of kerala nor national language. this language is a north indian one.
it's important in colorado because this is where it all started.. . woman immigration mainly effected the economy here.. . the first mayor in colorado wa a women.. but you should google that question.
"use paint, brush and your hand. pick up the brush, dip it in brush and apply in stable mnotion on the surface the mirror you wish to paint. enjoy ur painting"
blue hawaiian for one ha blue curacao which is orange liqueur so it ha a different taste and just a touch of coconut cream. pina colada ha coconut cream a a main ingredient
nothing. it feel the same a being 16. there's better thing to expect when you're 18.
"an old fashioned whiskey sour you actually muddle the cherry, lemon, orange, and sugar then add ice and whiskey. you will need to shake before serving."
"you should try looking up the term ""discretion""...once you have, practice it! you'll never be a member of alpha kappa alpha sorority, incorporated by blasting your ambition via the internet."
"i can't stand tgif's, with it cheap crappy food and ill behaved clientelle, but found myself loving the one in london after an extended stay there on business... it made me feel right at home."
"it like a coming out party for young wmen hosted by there family and a finishing school. they are recognized for entering the world a woman in ballgowns and obviously they dance to show off there womenhood, ball room dancing mostly. they are also escorted by a suitor/bf/male"
it's curious not curios. but it's human nature. were nosey!
"pros: they taste good. they are full of energy, protein and carbohydrates. cons: they are full of calorie and carbohydrates(yes they can be good and bad) and they contain way too much salt. also, they are potentially very dangerous if someone is allergic to them(anaphylaxis)"
"because the united state look at it le a a religious issue and more a a public health issue. however, more and more people are choosing not to do it because we are well educated enough to know how to keep ourselves tidy and clean and therefore it is becoming unnecessary unless for religious reasons."
"catholicism is just a branch of christianity. that being said, you should be able to figure out the answer to your second question."
i think the book is pretty well-thought and cleverly-written and i think my deamon would be a white wolf couse i sometimes feel like a quiet white wolf.(like the one in indian legends.)
"i would suggest looking on a train time website, there are load of them and they are usually pretty good. dpending on where your friend live you might need a train to piccadilly or oxford road or victoria (this is on a different trin line to the other two). the metrolink tram system is really good once you're there and some train ticket allow you to get on the tram link for free but i'm not sure which one they are, sorry. happy travel :o)"
i don't know how sore it is. did someone hit it?
the lutheren church doe not have a pope nor do they recognize the authority of the pope (becuase he really doesn't have much out side of the catholic church). the lutheren church is broken up into synod which are like different part of the same denomination. (ie missouri synod or the evangelical lutheran church in america or elca) they do not have cardinal and such a the catholic church does. i know the synod are broken up into district and the like but could not find information on specific title that people hold a one move up the government in the lutheran denomination.
"time is an artificial concept devised by the human mind. in reality, it is always the present, eternal moment. time is always measured by clocks, which all involve regular, measured motion of some kind. time is nothing more than a mathematical function of space, mass, and kinetic energy."
"racism may be discussed on sitcoms, but not in a meaningful way. it is usually just shown a comedy, which may send out the wrong message."
simply tell him that you don't feel the same way he does. if that change - he'll be the first to know.
when looking.... . a good friend is hard to find.. . when found.... . a good friend is hard to lose.
"um get married! there is no way to ""get around it"" any sexual act outside of marriage is fornication and considered a sin."
"i want to die for someone i love. either that, or in a huge, spectacular way, i don't just want to pas away, if i'm going to die, i want it to be either for someone i love, or huge."
"the bible belt i made up of more poor whites, blacks, and hispanic than other regions. but, if you take an average of only educated people, the iq quotient is fairly equal."
why do answer member post vile child-abusing questions? don't you know any better? do you deserve to keep your account?
"one world (world, united - literally). come from latin..."
underwater earthquake cause tsunamis. not god you braindead christian nitwit!
"the highest point in south dakota is harney peak, 7242 feet; the lowest is big stone lake, 966 feet.. . if they are taking i-90, rapid city would be about the highest point, at 3321 feet."
"there are direct train (every two hours) leaving from the airport to erfurt. by ""having to go to the trainstation"" you mean probably transferring at the main train station at frankfurt? by taking the train leaving at 11:01 am, 1:01 pm etc, you don't have to switch train (these are leaving from the long distance train station ""fernbahnhof"" only)."
"i don't think that they are ""evil"". i have never got the impression that other people thought that either. . the stereotype that they are stupid is often correct though."
if your serious?. there is a place in genisis that tell of the son of god being with the daughter of man and creating a race of giants... but for the most part i dont think they reproduce.
revolution! replace the dysfunctional economic system of capitalism with something that better serf the need of citizen (and thus is truly democratic).
"advertise, advertise, advertise!!!! post sign on bulletin board all over town,put an ad in the paper, post sign at high school and colleges, the supermarkets, tell people about it. send out a mass mailing of invitation to people you think would like to attend.. make sure there is enough food and drink for those that check it out.. have the artist there if possible (if not just ur work), have someone in the art dept of a local school judge the artworks...that's all i can think of right now..."
"well, we did make her(i certainly hope that she did not just crawl out of the ocean)... so, a humans, we have every right to destroy or care for her. polution corrodes her, but it look like mother nature will be what destroys her, not us. the salt from the ocean corroads our copper lady extremely fast, and durring the restorantion that happened 20 year ago several part of her were patched or replaced.... see what i mean?"
"my grandma s decease. i could not get in time to the funeral, so i guess i wanted to punish myself."
did you put too much of something in it? if the cooky taste fine-serve them. tell whomever that you made a new recipe- cookiename bar
"get drunk, get naked, get busy. it really is that simple"
"i think the punic war showed rome's vulnerability. hannibal wa able to invade italy, something no one else wa able to do. though the war started over ""ego"", and rome wa the winner, the world knew that once you crossed over roman territory, there wa horde of centurion waiting for you. rome could be invaded."
"'cause you think so, that english is the first popular language.. . it's matter of the sharing, in this mean, most popular one would be chinese, spoken by 17% people of the population in this world. english share is 9%. and 8% of the spoken majority mainly in india, mean hindi and urdu... spanish is 6%."
"because many people feel that it is morally wrong to be bisexual or a lesbian. if course much of that feeling is based in their opinion about their own sexuality (""i'm straight therefore everyone ha to be straight"")."
"prosciutto ham. this traditional italian ham ha been perfected through volpi's unhurried natural ageing process. exceptionally tender and sweet, volpi prosciutto ha a seductive fragrance and an elegant taste. volpi prosciutto is made today in the same manner a century ago under the careful scrutiny of an experienced salumieri (expert meat processor) fully aged, our boneless prosciutto ham is available whole and half unsliced,"
you are an idiot. send her my way so i can show her what a real man look like
"stand outside of all the home depots, lowes, etc. and jump everyone who come out with a toilet."
paint yourself blue and pretend to be a corpse. hang out in a mortuary or a medical school for while - shouldn't be long then...
"if it feel right then it probably is. if you feel confused, then hold off until you find out for sure."
"loosely, photography that produce monochromatic images. i say that because not all type of silver halide are black. silver bromide are dark brown, darker than sepia, and silver chloride are inky green. cyanotypes can also fall into this category, but are obviously blue."
"during the time of the trojan war, the trojan were actually the far more civilized of the two sides- the greek werent even greek in the way we think of the term, but myceneans...the presumptive greeks, through the sacking of troy, came into contact with a higher level of learning, philosophy, art, literature, etc, then they themselves had. this certainly elevated the later greek civilization-in addition, the rich gained, the local power politics, and ability to now start colony on the coast of turkey (with troy out of the way) led to a surge of greek power and influence-which later had an enormous effect on the romans, which had a powerful effect on all western civilization."
"the elizabethan were tolerant of different races, merchant from all over the world traded with england at this time. explorer widened the search for the new and unusual, bringing back item now regarded a mundane such a the potato and tobacco."
learn hungarian and find one to chat. i hope ur hnot narrow-minded enuff to think that the only girl for you is hungarian...
visine!. . you can do it in the computer!
"we all draw a blank sometimes - forget what we were gonna say. just give it a few minute and concentrate, then you should remember."
"although they were originally pagan, the negro pagan slave trader sold them to white christian (and a lot of time jewish) slave trades. when imported to the western hemisphere they converted to the dominate religion which of course wa and still is protestant christianity in what wa the british colony and to catholicism in what wa the spanish colonies."
wow! nice age poll chulapanama. you can tell that other than you and i only graft is old enough to remember that relief is spelled r-o-l-a-i-d-s.
tqm is te quiero mucho. i love you a lot.
"i think it,s great nothing better. well maybe sex"
"i am not sure of the origin of ""joe"" for coffee but it ha been around since the 1930's at least. it could be short for ""java"" which wa also used back then for coffee."
if you were realy alone in this univers you could have hope however but you could not never ever have expectation !. hope need only you !. expectation need you and someone else !
the only way you can diminish corruption is to live your life honestly. you can also raise your child so that they will also live honestly. you can not help what others do.
"yes it make sense, and it doea mean ""oral fixation"". it refers to the fase every infant go that, according to psychologist and so, the pleasure and reasurment come from oral experiences, reason why they like pacifiers, suck their tumbs, and stick to their mouth everything they find. . i've read that is why shakira named her cd like that."
"colloquial language is informal language, what you would use to communicate with your friend and close relatives.. . a dialect is a derivation of a language. for example, haitian speak patois which is a french dialect. it come from the french, it is very similar but not identicall."
"there is a certain level of decency that need to be maintained... not to mention the health needs. you never know what disease a person ha and the last thing i want to do is touch something that someone naked seeping body ha been on.. . health and decency are the big ones. plus i don't want my kid to see naked people all over... it's bad enough porn is plastered everywhere and readily available online, i don't want it walking around everywhere."
in our religion it is kept and used at another communion service. the reason being the unleavend bread doe not contain yeast which can cause it to decompose fast
"well i do traditional folk dancing so my move are not so handy for every style, but jumping to the rhythm, or just waving your hand from side to side make you seem dancing, but i guess that is not all you want. i would suggest to dance how you feel and do not care about the others watching you, with dance you express yourself. and for you dancing more professionally try some dance schools, they make a dancer from everybody."
"possibly because of the ""e"" you put in rac""e""ing.. . the e must mean energy, like the energizer bunny."
"vandenberg. dutch (van den berg): topographic name for someone who lived on or by a hill or mountain, middle dutch berghe."
the goof is wink martindale a game show host from eon ago. in the commercial he is supposed to be like a flight attendant and then he pull off that suit and go into game show mode. i have seen him a a postman too and hope this isn't along promotion.
a vegetable is an edible plant. a fruit is the edible reproductive portion of a plant. so all fruit are vegetable but only some vegetable are fruit.
"the lifespan of butterfly varies greatly according to species, with colorado hairstreak butterfly living just a few day and monarch butterfly living up to a year. most, however, live only for two to three weeks."
it can... it's just that the temperature at which it freeze is much lower than the freezing point of water so it's generally safe to put in the freezer.
"work is not for the meek, nor is it for the weak, that is called work week. i'm not a freak or geek. sincerely, zeke."
"hungry jack wa originally a separate australian burger company that wa bought out by burger king. they experimented with changing the name from hungry jack to bk, but it didn't go down well with the oz folk, and so the brand name stayed a hungry jacks."
"sport have been going on a long a it ha been fun to run around with your friends. even my dog like something akin to ""sports"" (they wrestle over a cew toy). the most famous early sport men were the ancient greeks, who founded the olympics."
seduce the fat chick fixing your food and convince her to tell you the recipe or even better to just give you free sub everyday. ahahahahahahahahahahahahha
"the dominant player in the marketplace. i've only seen this applied to microsoft, though i suspect it is not exclusively reserved for them."
they know that this world is disgusting and sex sells. it's a shame that people have allowed themselves to become no better than a wild animal.
"dont know where it a specialty, but it can be eaten. the thing is that most people dont, because the wool is much more valuable than the meat"
because i've got a really nasty whip with a steel-barbed tip! now get to work! crack!
"soak your chicken in buttermilk for about 1 hour.. dip in seasoned flour (i use salt, pepper and garlic powder), then in milk/egg mixture and back into flour. . fry in a medium hot pan and do not overcrowd.. pretty easy really."
"it basically worthless. honestly... it a stepping stone to a higher degree. if you don't tell them you are still in school, it like a testament to the fact that you can't cut it in school!"
wrong section honey . becoming a billionaire wont make u ur blood turn blue!!
"because it is not a perfect world my friend. but if there is a way, i intend to find it...i'll let you know."
"poor michael who come from a dysfunctional entertaining family. if you have read his biography, all of his sibling are sexually active, including his own dad, and had sexual relationship with their fans...at one incident, though, michael wa introduced to have sex with a girl at their brothers' request, but he wa feeling very uncomfortable...to make long story short, it is in this kind of environment that turned michael into being bizarre and inclined toward male and boys, a well a his desire to turn white."
"sound like your intellect is taking over the from the ""brain-washing"" of modern church-run christianity...i do the same a you, and gave up on the so-called christians. do your own thing, a long a it is good, true, and beneficial to others without spite, judgement and intolerance, you will go to heaven....stay away from the bible thumpers"
"if you search for at least five minute you will find the overwhelming majority of historian both secular and religious demonstrate the theory ha very little supporting evidence and relies heavily upon speculation and hasty conclusion-making.. . i'm not sure how the evolution/religious argument factor into the da vinci code theory, but in my opinion you can be both evolutionist and religious. my career is in science and i am very religious. a well, you may easily find statement of many christian church that say the theory of evolution is not against the religious way of life."
because the mafia never forgets.. . and the mafia is still p.o.'ed that castro threw them and their casino out of cuba so long ago.
india ha a growth rate...cool!. . thanks for increasing my knowledge database.. . where’s india?
"go on the internet, go to google, type in mandarin class and what city you live in. then press enter."
"book have been written about this. in fifty word or less, belief come from tradition and knowledge come from first or second hand experience."
today catholic church are mechanical. repetative prayer that the bible say god hates.
"the best answer is spare. this is because it fit with the sentence perfectly well when u read it out. you can't give time to people neither to take it nor allow the time. remember, time doe not wait for us."
"they are. ""hispanic"" is an american political term. in texas, mexican-american were considered to be caucasian until about 1957."
mcdonald drink taste good because of the refrigeration in the back room ha a circulating system that keep the soda water constantly circulating from the valve back to the carbonator tank to refresh with co2 also the same circulating system keep the drink at a constant <40 degree or less. they also check their ratio on a daily basis to be sure they are serving the proper ratio. they get audited every six month on everything
people are inconsiderate of others . . i would say move your arse
"hah! i dont know, good q/a!. . lmao i think b&#92;c ppl are weird lyk that"
any titty bar down by the airport. . need i say why
do u want me to show u?. email me and i will show u how
"because some of the major artery that carry blood to the brain run along the roof of your mouth. when you eat/drink something cold, it cool those blood vessels. the pain come from the quick constriction of the blood vessel a well a the colder temperature of the blood rushing into the brain. a quick cure is to place your tongue on the roof of the mouth and hold it there for 10 to 15 seconds."
"a an american, i would think that it would be much harder for a non-american to understand the way we talk. at the same time though, a an american, i find it impossible to understand foreign idioms, solely on the fact that i can only partially speak a few other languages. i guess to fully be aware of idioms, one must have a full understanding of a the language one is speaking."
"montenegro is located in the southern part of the balkan peninsula. to the west, north and east it border on croatia, bosnia-hercegovina, serbia and kosovo, and to the south border on albania. montenegro is a maritime country, with 200 km of the adriatic coastline. one of the most beautiful bay in the mediterranean is the boka kotorska (the bay of boka)."
it is not just love. bottle up any emotion long enough and it will make you sick in other ways. hatred and jealousy are the worst.
"the big trick with poaching egg is using the freshest egg possible. the fresher the egg the le runny.. . another good trick is right before you drop the egg in the water, stir the water so you get a good whirlpool going, gently drop the egg into the center of the whirlpool. this swirling of the whirlpool keep the egg white together and help keep the yolk centered."
"well perhaps your unconcious mind find that instanteneus death upon hitting the ground contradicts your actual experience when concious thus your dream self doesn't die when hitting the ground a well.. . a for who started this idea, well most people accept that they die if the fall from a high place and hit a hard surface, so their unconcious mind ha no problem accepting this concept when he is dreaming."
yeah you will be crazy if you would . listen to them... just do thing what yoo want . to do and believe on thing that make you happy.... dont give a shit to those people who critizise you.... they are just envy coz you are gona be happy... baby are gift from god... that is why they are called bundle of joy...
"now, see, i thought it wa like cows. the brown one give chocolate milk and the black and white one give white milk. so i figured that brown egg come from brown hen and are chocolate and white one come from white hen and are regular eggs."
"the nemian lion. his skin could not be pierced by any weaponry. so if we could kill it like hercules supposedly did, by strangling it, we could use it a armor. that would help thing in the middle east a lot."
"many have taken different meaning from this term ""new world order"". it is originally a religious term signifying the end time when god shall be truly believed in, and god's ordinance practiced.. . the baha'is faith, a i understand, belief the current world disorder is from the old world's death, which is the same a the new world's birth."
"i agree with danie161, but winner in chinese should be . . 胜利者 sheng li zhe = winner"
"ebony, ivory living in perfect harmony... lol it's a good song... =] but, ppl, just don't listen... there's countless reasons..."
you need to get a donut cutter from a place that sell baking supplies. they are also fried to prepare for a mess.
first thing you need to do is get a life. thing will fall into place after that.
i have no idea - not even sure it's a word. there's a hint out there that it could be latin for rebirth. i'd like to see if there's anyone out there who can clear this up!
"vacation? he wa born there. a a young man, he went to europe for a while, then returned to live in calamba. later, he wa deported."
when you make the coochie pop with your fingers. fingerring a girl till she cums.
"katyusha, lorry mounted (usually) rocket launchers. . katyusha mean ""little katy"" a sweet name for a mean weapon."
priory of the sion. it a fictional society and doesn't have an actual existance
r u a muslim?i'd like answer to these qns too. i think u hv posted some really good qns. they hv been on my mind too.
"mexican/latin beer/liquor is just enticing, it seems manly and slightly exotic. see also, corona, tequila. also beer from different region have different ingredients, process and tastes, however i'd imagine most mexican beer is made right here in the usa, and that most people don't care that much. manly and drunk, yep."
"it's considered unclean because before refrigeration,it would spoil quickly and many would die from food poisoning..it actually started a jewish health reason and practice... since ishmael wa a son of abraham ..he adopted it into his new religion when he left abraham's camp.they also included anything with split hoof or that chewed it's cud.. it's all spelled out in the kjv bible in the old testament(the book of leviticus) or the torah....where you will find all kind of healthy way to deal with just about everything for personal hygiene,still medical fact to this day....including washing hand and body to prevent disease and illness from spreading through a tribe."
"i too love sweet yummy drink & had a few nasty suprises when i'm being adventurous. besides margarita try these tequila sunrise (orange juice flavour u can ask it to be made a little more sweeter if u want), pina colada (sweet coconut flavour), sex on the beach (sweet coconut cream flavour) don't be afraid to ask the bartender to recommend u one that is sweet & yummy. most of them r very good at it. hope this help & happy drinking =)"
"they had a very strong army, using calvary and scare tactic to their advantage. unfortunately, they were not very good at running a large, civilized, country or territory. they lacked organization."
sit down and talk with them and show them in god's word what it say on how to become a christian and what christ ha done for us. tell them to come to church with you. you won't go to hell if you don't get baptized because baptism ha nothing to do with salvation. baptism identifies u with christ because jesus wa baptized.
"they employ a technique called ""flash freezing."" this method wa invented by clarence birdseye (of birdseye food fame, naturally) in the early 20th century.. . it's accomplished by subjecting the food to a super-low temperature -- much colder than the average home freezer. the water molecule freeze virtually instantly and there's no time for the potato to brown."
not sure where you're from but they sell dog n suds merchandise at buehlers buy-low (grocery store).. . or you could always check out ebay!. . good luck.
"you can't apply on line...but if you go to the dept of state. website, you can download a copy of the application to. get a passport a well a a bunch of other use full information."
"some of the most beautiful people ruin it with their selfish personalities. i don't care how gorgeous your hair is or how perfect your makeup or how beautiful your body look in your fashionable clothes....if you are a nasty, selfish, one-way btch, then you are not beautiful. loving compassion come in many shapes, size and style and is always beautiful."
use some sunscreen lotion. wear cotton clothes with full sleeves.wash ur hand & face after every 20 min when in sun. use good quantity of cream after each wash.
"first of all you have to consider the society it relates to.. at that time (1950's) in some state in the u.s.a. it wa quite normal for girl to get married at a very young age ( the singer jerry lee lewis wa married to a thirteen year old who wa his cousin).i read the other day that kansa ha only recently introduced a minimum legal age for marriage of fifteen, before that there wasn't one.. so the circumstance would not have been particularly unusual.. humbert humbert had an obsessive love only for lolita, it wasn't directed at every young girl.. the amount of sexual descrition is minimal compared with lesser book written these days.. lolita is not depicted a just a victim but she is shown to be more than capable of outwitting humbert.. the theme of the book is how we sometimes make the wrong choice in life even though they seem overwhelmingly important at the time.. apart from that it is one of the most perfectly written book that i have ever read , both in the construction of the plot and the quality of the writing."
because we can bitch and if you don stfu up i will kill your ass! bitch!
"because the church and it lemming say so. that simple, see ya at the book burning"
"actually, the saying goes: the sparrow never land where the tiger roams. it mean that if one is wise, one doe not put oneself in the way of obvious harm."
"macbeth ha endured over the century for the following reasons: (1) the emphasis on western world literature in english-speaking education (2) the veneration of shakespeare that ha been traditional in study of english literature (3) the undoubted genius with language that shakespeare (or whoever, if you want to quibble) employed in his tragedy leading to many frequently quoted passages:. ""life is a tale told by an idiot/full of sound and fury/signifying nothing""; ""lead on, macduff!""; lady macbeth's lament that no ocean will wash the blood from her little hand (4) the supernatural element that lend themselves to great stage effect such a the witch and their cauldron, the ghost of banquo, lady macbeth's sleep-walking (5) the universality of the theme of a good man brought to destruction by his own weakness and the influence of a woman, a well a his hubris (overweening pride)."
it a drink! goa (in india) is famous for it and it's usually made of cashew. you also get coconut fenni.
"ok. how did the newfies get to newfoundland. well, one day these guy were playing hockey on the st. lawrence, and one of 'em got a break . . ."
"they are always there, it's because they are so bright that we don't see them.. this is why we only see them at night coz the sky is dark, which make them look brighter.. . sometimes though, it ha been known to see venus during the day (you can see it at night, it'll be one of the brightest ''stars'' in the sky."
"i don't really consider the queen or royal family to be ""in power"" a it is a purely ceremonial role nowadays.. . i really don't have any time for the royal family a i consider them an irrelevant soap opera although i am happy to just ignore them if they are around."
"speculation and a bit of extrapolation.. . they use what we already know scientifically to guess what wa a long time ago, using sample that where probably the crust 10 millon year ago"
"""official"" no, but accepted language is english a the dominant group of settler were english and historically it wa ruled by the english monarch and parliament, till george the third tried to impose his notorious tax on tea.the french, due to their long-standing rivalry with great britain were favourite with the colonist and there wa even talk of making french the language of the new state, but this wa scotched a there were not too many people who could speak it, whereas those leading the new state were master of english.it would not be surprising if in the near future spanish is also accepted a the other standard language with the huge presence of central and south american in the states.i do think, however, it would be unwise to accept more. speaking one common language is a mean of unifying a people and if current and future immigrant are not obliged to learn and become fluent in the historical language of their country of adoption, the necessary feeling of national identity would be at risk."
"the other answer are good, try them and also go to your local university a many community theater have academic ties. the local theater department will have lead and posting on ther bulletin boards. ask to talk to the local theater teachers. they will know."
take the subway and/or bus.. . don't mention it.
it's not the calorie that matter but the fat content....and a 8 oz steak ha a lot of fat in it!!
hey! no one could help you in a week!?. . found a link for you...
i bet you need a day care license. check with your city hall for guideline in your area.
"this is a term arising from the work of thomas aquinas, who argues that all natural (divine created) condition of being are good and evil is due to the lack (privation) of perfection.. . aquinas might argue that while divinity is the primal cause of all action, it is the defect or privation due to the free will of human which is the cause of evil action. in other words, divinity allows human to make morally evil choices."
well it could be your experiecne...try hotel in banquets..they are always needing bartenders....look in your local post dispatch too. good luck on finding that job.
by self commitment from each citizen/resident of india to contribute in the country in a positive way!!! and i don't think the country is asking too much by this???????????
"you can't get a girl to like you. be yourself, if that doesn't work move on. you can get a girl to not like you very easily."
"a simple ""how's married life?"" show polite interest without being too intrusive. if he want to talk about it, just let him. if he doesn't have much to say, respect that too."
"good for you, don't buy it. it take time, energy, & money that one should be giving to his or her spouse, to cheat."
isn't that the name of the hurricane last year? teehee
"the suffix esquire is derived from medieval english- squire. a squire wa usually the son of a nobleman who served an apprenticeship to a knight, with the hope of eventually bearing arms. hence the term esquire, meaning one og upper social class. the term ha subsequently been ""watered down"" and all men are addressed this way in formal letter etc."
♡being me is pretty darn satisfying!♡. (*how's it being you?)
"rc missionary set up school in country all around the world lifting educational standards.. . spiritualism, working with the suffragettes, in the 1800s changed the status of woman in society."
"the content of the holy scripture wa inspired by jehovah god and therefore stand alone in comparison to any other book.. the beneficial purpose of proverb is stated in the opening verses:""for one to know wisdom and discipline,to discern the saying of understanding,to receive the discipline that give insight,righteousness and judgement and uprightness,to give to the inexperienced one shrewdness,to a young man knowledge and thinking ability""(1:2-4). in harmony with that stated purpose,the book highlight knowledge,wisdom,and understanding,each of which is beneficial in it particular way."
i think that they may mean that you are not overly funny in an obvious kind of way. some people have a witty humor about them that requires thought rather than blatant expression of humor. i would rent monty python's life of brian and that is a great example of dry humor. i love it!
haha i don't think they're such a huge deal but i think most people view it a childish. it might be a good idea for something that is casual/formal but nothing that is very important (for example prom or a wedding) or you'll probably be hearing giggling each time your back is turned.
"society teach u that we should care what others think of us. we learn it a child when we see someone get attention instead of u by what we do then later a adult it is reinforced by the way we are treated by other adults, how we are hired for job or are promoted at our jobs. we'd all be a lot happier and content if we just looked to god for approval. he is loving & caring and concerned with u where a man is concerned only with his own needs, want, wishes, etc."
because it come concentrated. you're supposed to mix it with water dummy!
"the u is nothing like the ussr of yesterday. the fact that you can openly complain about our government show the difference. sure we have our problem here but, american really have it good."
"go volunteer at a homeless shelter.. or meal on wheels..or a salvation army or a nursing home..if you give yourself for thing that you can do to help...even if it's just your ear...you may find a whole new perspective on things. i really don't understand your question though, 'cause why wouldn't you already be humble already? i guess i think this is a weird question to ask and not add details."
"those smart @$$ people who think they know every thing, are egotostical. but anyway it mean self-absorbed, vain, conceited, cocky..."
"they arent really your friends. they are people who think they are,or just want more name on there list."
"they are huge baby cause they don't know how to live. they go around thinking they are high and mighty, but then some meat eater drop them in the street and teabags them. thats why they are babies."
i have a dry sense of humor that is frequently misinterpreted.. . i can be sarcastically humorous too.. . i know because i ask my 'audience/victims' and they told me over a course of years.
"the woman at the alamo on that tragic day, all died. a did their child that were there with them. they had all been assured that they would be safe there and that they would not be killed. but santa anna wa a very cruel man and his army entered and killed all men, woman and child that were hiding within."
"for the sodium, and the retention of water because of the sodium. . :> peace. ."
l.ron hubbard created the religion to prove he could get people to believe anything...he admitted this before he died.. he wa a science fiction author...this is why they believe we are all alien from the planet theton(not sure what the name of the planet is)to escape an evil ruler.. it's all just a product of a science fiction writer imagination
"sin is a deliberate thought, word, deed, or omission contrary to the eternal law of god.. . an iniquity is defined a grossly immoral act. so an iniquity might be described a a ""big"" sin like murder but not a ""small"" sin like a white lie.. . with love in christ."
grand canyon national park or smokey mountain national park. both are absolutely gorgeous.
"the word is glasnost, and it mean ""openness"". it wa mikhail gorbachev's policy of making the soviet government at the time more open and giving people more freedom."
"et is 'eastern time' for the usa and canada and is -5 hour in relation to gmt. so when the et is 9pm, gmt is 2am (+5 hours).. . similarly, pt is 'pacific time' and is -8 hour in relation to gmt. so when pt is 6pm, gmt is 2am (+8 hours)."
"i believe that our soul live multiple life in an effort to educate ourselves. i am not actively searching per se, but i hope that i am learning what i intended to learn by coming back here."
the british policy of forcibly enlisting american sailor into the british army.. . it wa one of the cause of the american revolution.
cuz dude could do other woman if the wife gave them eprmission. god wa pretty angry though. keep readin
"peacefulness, a calm and passive state of mind. when i think of the word 'serenity' i think of a waterfall. thing like that are the true meaning."
"my beloved put in his hand by the hole of the door, and my bowel were moved for him. ... song of solomon 5:4 to be precise, although i thought it might have been 'phallus in wonderland.'"
look up sue ryder in the phone book or on the interenet. find your local branch. contact them and tell them you want to help and arrange to go and discus the idea.
i am certain it is pronounced 'clooney'. fabulous book
vegetarian don't eat meat and usually eat cheese and milk products. vegan don't eat any bi product of an animal such a cheese milk bouillon cube fat etc..
be in a play first and see if you like it. don't pursue a career in acting unless you know what you are getting yourself into.
"loyalty is the illogical allegiance to someone or something and hence get tested out by the degree of illogic one can sustain in this allegiance. even though loyalty arises in the first place through appropriate logic, once it come into being, logic get thrown out of the window!!"
there is no mystery. some people are simply better at picking up cue from their surroundings and from other people.
"if you look at the history of joseph smith, he joined the masonic lodge on the trip west. the material from the lodge show up in the temple ceremony because they were lifted by joseph smith from the masons!"
the book also say that the lord is my sheppard. so what is your point.
"<>the story go that the maker of the tequila use the worm to dtermeine if the drink is ready. they drop a live worm in the bottle and if it is dead by the time it reach the bottom, the tequila is ready for drinking."
"well, there wa very little significance for the empire, but the significance of the fact that the roman empire adopted it made a huge impact on the future of the world. christianity didn't really affect the roman empire, but would affect just about every other nation after it.. . interesting side note, the ancient roman pagan holiday ""saturnalia"" wa a hugely popular winter festival. to please the roman people who were'nt exactly thrilled by the new religion, the government decided that christmas, which celebrated jesus' birthday would be in december to maintain a winter holiday, even though jesus wa born in the spring."
there is no water shortage world wide at all !!. part of australia may be short because of bad management & no planing for growth in the population & no extra dam's were built to cater for the growth. but sewage doe waste a lot of water. better idea are needed for the toilet area where water is not used & business should use recycled water a well & house all should have rain water tank like they used to but they made every one get rid of them in the city when sewage came in saying there is to much lead on our roof from car etc & it wa to dangerous to drink it
"it's mallowmars, actually. but it's a cookie topped with marshmallow and covered in chocolate. yummy!"
"a crappy a you want to be. now if you want to win, well......."
people do not choose to be gay. nobody would choose discrimination and hatred over equality and acceptance. it is a scientific fact that gay people are biologically different.
clam on the half shell baked and topped with bread crumb and bacon. bake in oven until bread crumb are brown. you can pre-fry the bacon.
"it's a root vegetable that is very plentiful this time of year. it's used in lot of winter stews. it's sort of like a potato, but with a waxy outside. the taste is similar to a potato but harder and a bit sweeter."
"# any of a group of psychotic disorder usually characterized by withdrawal from reality, illogical pattern of thinking, delusions, and hallucinations, and accompanied in varying degree by other emotional, behavioral, or intellectual disturbances. schizophrenia is associated with dopamine imbalance in the brain and defect of the frontal lobe and is caused by genetic, other biological, and psychosocial factors."
"life is what you makeof it, . y dont u search this question that ha been asked 100 of time"
"i imagine you are hearing people say, ""directly,"" in a southern accent. in the midwest, people say it too, and they mean ""soon, presently, when i get around to it."" is that it?"
"that's easy. become the second observer, not the first."
my sister marie who ha a never ending supply of compassion for everything living. she ha dedicated her life to the care of our parent and is always thinking of others before herself.
"check with family, letting them know you are available to do some work they might need done... that your trying to earn some christmas money.. . maybe cleaning house, laundry, ironing, washing windows, clean out the cars, help get christmas decoration out of the attic, what ever they need."
"it's added to food a a flavour enhancer - it work like salt, but without giving thing a salty a taste.. . many people belive it is harmful because it contains sodium, a salt does, and that is implicated in high blood pressure: but actually the main problem is the glutamate ion, which interacts with the body's nervous system and can cause headache and palpitations.. . but then again, many authority disagree, and would say that only certain member of the population with ""glutamate intolerance"" suffer any symptoms. my wife does, for sure."
"bacana is slang and it mean something like ""cool"" together with ""super"" it like english ""super cool"". yes you are right it is brazilian portuguese slang."
"visual communication can come from an image or from anything you do that someone else can see, such a body language (rolling your eyes, smiling, winking, etc.) some people speculate that people used sign language before there wa spoken language. writing is also visual communication."
he reigned for 2 year 1483-1485 he died on 22 august 1485. and i do believe he wa the last british monarch to die on the battlefield.. soon after henry tudor 2nd earl of richmond became henry vii. ask me anything about history i love it if i dont know i will find out. (but i knew this one learnt it when i wa 8)
drill 2 hole in the lid to fit 2 lines. 1 to connect with the mouthpiece and the other to the bowl. an air tight seal is also helpful.
"root beer is a fermented beverage made from a combination of vanilla, cherry tree bark, licorice root, sarsaparilla root, sassafras root bark (which is mildly carcinogenic), nutmeg, anise, and molasses among other ingredients. many local brand of root beer exist, and homemade root beer is made from concentrate or (rarely) from actual roots. like alcoholic beer, root beer ha a thick and foamy head when poured."
because baby are so clueless and cute. they are adorable and admire the cutest thing and they dont understand a much a kid do. baby are just so cute! kid are cute to but they are more um.... mature... than a baby is.
i think that we westerner need to take a look at how china with such a large population can feed itself. we here in the usa and other part have problem with a much smaller population.
"they had a kindred spirit. i have very close friend and over the year our friendship just grew, i don't know if anyone can tell you how. these two guy were the same age, trained together, went to war together, and they just hit it off."
since it is not american the metric system must be evil.. you are either with u or against us! - remember?
"okay, you might get one person to get naked for $500, but don't count on hiring a team of model for that price! what do you think they're worth, eight buck an hour? increase your budget and check the site below."
"all green bean are string beans, but not all string bean are green, such a yellow wax beans. hope this help"
"it's hindi for ""i love you."" a guy said it (because if it were a girl, it would say karti instead of karta)."
"they don't celebrate the idea behind christmas, they don't celebrate the birth of out lord and savior. they celebrate a holiday without the meaning of it. they celebrate the gathering of family and friend for a good meal and a great party."
"back in the day it wa the only ornament they had. kinda look like snow and it's a nice way for the fam to have a moment before the disapointment, failure and finger pointing begins. merry xmas!"
"i never believe in stereotype and that is what that is. i have friend that are irish that don't drink but are the most fun-loving kindest people that i have ever met. the irish people i know love to get along with everyone no matter what race, creed, or color."
"intelligence directs u towards doing right thing and long lasting. motivation, though required, is short and could lead u to a wrong path."
"although our mind do hanle problem in a logical fashion, studying. the process make it easier."
they know how to get the job done right and they are fast at their work. they have good responsible employee who know what they are doing.
"apocalyptic lit is any literature that deal with the end of times. if i had to guess, i would think that you will be reading from the sacred text of all od the major world religion a well a utopian/ dystopian lit in a sci-fi vein and probably some mythology."
i agree!! fox news is the only news that tell the truth and from both side honestly too!!
it would be like einstein desiring an amoeba to worship him. it’s just plain funny.. . and he is a she take it to the bank.
well work today a u going to die tomorrow. and u will change ur life to the best
organized religion degrades itself. what do they call it? ....mob mentality?
"i do not see any negative point of the pepsi advertisement shown on indian television, . unless you get fat from drink too much pepsi"
"technically, the answer is that in 404 bc, athens surrendered to the spartans. the spartan tore down the wall of the city, barred athens from ever having a navy (which wa the most powerful navy) and installed their own government (the thirty). at this point, the age of athens ended. i personally think greed and arrogance brought the decline of athens."
here's how i love them. dump them into the crock pot and cover them with bbq sauce and let them cook. mmmm.
"this reminds me of the saying i've heard 8 million time ""the only difference between a man and a boy are the size of his toys."" or something similar."
mitral regurgitation is a defect of the mitral valve in the heart. it allows blood to reflux back through the valve. if it is bad enough a cardiac surgeon can preform surgery to replace the mitral valve.
"a word in the fuegian language of tierra del fuego in extreme southern south america (in both chile and argentina). hold the guinness book of world record record for ""most succinct word"".. . the word mamihlapinatapei mean ""a look shared by two people with each wishing that the other will initiate something that neither one want to start"""
"the british zone of occupation ha good demand for slave labour, due to the salt mine in in northern alberta. the best weather is either in the german or the japanese sectors, depending if you like the beach or mountains."
"1270 back in the mid 90s. i didn't prepare at all and went out the night before. the second time i 'prepared' by trying to brush up on some math skill (mostly geometry), getting a good night sleep and eating breakfast. i scored 50 point lower that time."
there is this big field in gettysburg (actually just outside of the town). i hear that some big battle wa fought there.. might be an interesting tourist spot.
why would you ever believe that a slave owner's profit disappeared into thin air? it now many major corporation were started in this country.
you heard it on seinfeld. it's a non jewish girl that the jewish guy want.
"the most convincing theory is that a tribe of human in central asia started to practice agriculture when everybody else lived a hunter/gatherers, and that their language spread (and altered in spreading) with the natural speed with which their activity took over new land to accommodate their offspring.. according to this theory the hunter/gatherers were mostly absorbed, sometimes militarily defeated and their language contributed to forming local dialect which developed into the separate languages.. . ""indo-european"" refers to the spread of the language group, in europe only basque, hungarian and finnish are not member of this language group, in asia hindi, urdu and persian belong to it."
i do not believe this is accurate information.. . blessed be
"boy i wish i come over to your place, i love hot chili, to calm it down though here are a couple of suggestion , serve either saltine cracker with it or bake some corn bread a a side, or . serve some sharp chedder and/or sour cream with it. or a a . final course of action, make a half pot of chili but do not add any hot spice to it."
"i would say becasuse you can use cow a a general term. you can point to a herd and say ""look at all the cows."" you can't say ""look at all the bulls"" unless they actually are a herd of uncasterated bovine :)"
"it's just most woman don't really know their roles. to me, sexual harassment brought by their presence, them being physically weak among other thing make them pretty much useless for the workplace, i see no other place for them."
because he wa bored (board). hehe i made a pun!
"no, i get offended when people say bigoted thing about anybody of any race. i don't think truth offends. ignorance offends."
"i think alan rickman is gorgeous, but the others...not so much. any movie with him, though, sound good to me! :)"
"mine wa ok, but my cat's wa horrible : he wa neutered the same day ! quite scary for halloween ;o)"
mickey ~ glad to see ya.. the source link provided is for posterity. punch in your time zone and it'll tell you paris!. good luck big guy.
"because rumsfeld delivered ""accurate"" intelligence that proved that banana peel were weapon of mass destruction??? . (just look at the cartoon and all the havock they can cause)"
rich people getting richer by employing poor people on low wage to make money from other poor people. qed (quod erat demonstratum).
i'm sleeping in. the thought of having to wade through all those people and aggravation is just unnerving.
"i don't know, but please include me if you do find out. i'll keep an eye on your question. lot of luck!"
my guess is to either talk to a nun or look it up on line. i know that rc nun have an age limit (35 year old is the last time you can apply) and eo nun have you in stages. like novice is your first stage and that last about 3-5 years.
broccoli would lose the crunchiness and texture most people like about it if it were to be immersed in water in a can for weeks.. . the other reason is the nature of broccoli mean it would pack poorly into a can- with great difficulty for processing.
"joan of arc wa burned at the stake for witchcraft after claiming she received message from god. joan of arc is currently a saint in the roman catholic church, although i'm not sure about eastern orthodoxy."
people yell because they're trying to get their point across while their angry and they believe that their point is the only correct one. by yelling they think they can change the other person's mind which really never works.
"it been a long time since regent st and oxford st had any decent lights. they should take a lesson from st christopher place, up by selfridges. they always do fantastic lights.. do you remember the laser that went down oxford street, back in the 70's?"
"unsaturated fat are reacted with hydrogen in the presence of a suitable catalyst (usually nickel and/or platinum). this add hydrogen atom to the carbon-carbon double bonds, making them single bonds."
"well, what he could do could be limited by the jurisdiction he lived in. for instance, if he lived in iran, he could have his nut chopped off in public for doing it. in north korea, he could be strung up and shot for doing what he could do."
it is the name of a town in iran and a dicitionary meaning say a follows for which source is given:. tabriz (cotton and wool persian rug with designs). vr
"the culture is shocking for them they say, but then they can't complain since they are still flocking the western country each year, and they are not slave now. . . mind you, i'm from africa a well."
"it's afrikaans, an south afrcan language, and it means: answer the question at the bottom of the card and you stand a chance to win millions."" just be careful not to send any money because it sound like a scam to me! but if there isn't money involved, you can email the question to me and i'll be happy to translate it for you. good luck."
she wa uncomfortable with the confrontational way this matter wa handled and now doesn't know how to handle the ramification of it. give her some time to get over this and move slowly.
"answer a) anthropomorphic personification were never kids.. answer b) wa forced to take accordion lessons, thus ensuring he'd take the job.. answer c) watched too much tv.. possibly all of the above."
"a you already know, test must be testicles.. . another answer for the sac....."
"black friday is the day after thanksgiving (4th thursday in november) when the retail store have insane sale and people literally line up at the door hour before the store open and the store open earlier than usual. this is the one time a year that retail store actually bring in a profit the rest of the year they are in the ""red"" so to speak and black friday brings them into the ""black"" so to speak. i'm loathing black friday because i work at target and am going to have to deal with all this crapola."
"it's just another example of misogony... the belief that men are better than women. for a man to have many woman is seen a proof of his viriliity (he can satisfy more than one) for a woman to have many men is proof of their impotence (the inability of any one of them to please her). bottom line, it's all about men... and male sexual prowess."
"moshing is a type of dance characterized by jumping around and pushing others to music, particularly loud punk rock, hardcore, alternative rock or heavy metal music.. . moshing is typically done in a mosh pit or circle pit. originally moshing wa done in front of the stage at a concert, but since then, moshing ha appeared more frequently throughout entire dance floors. moshing etiquette ha often involved helping up those who fall down."
"it break up the frozen ingredient and make them creamier. there's usually rock salt in the wall of the ice cream maker, too, which reacts with ice to keep the ingredient cold enough that while they are getting soft, they aren't melting down. if you need a cheap, easy ice cream maker, you may want to try one of the ball ones, ll bean and eddie bauer supply them, i think. it's the same concept a a traditional model, but in a ball so you can roll it around the floor or shake it and you have ice cream in a matter of half an hour!"
"emo can mean different thing depending on how it's used. there's a more ""slang"" type use... and then there's emo referring more to a type of music. i'm adding some link for you to check out, so you can see/read the difference :) hope this helps!"
"smart = a knowledge above average.. wise = a common sense, and observant nature gained by experience."
"go to kinkos they can do it professionally and cheaply. otherwise for aboaut a dollar, you can get plastic cover in which you can insert your document, either by punching hole and looping it through spirals, or you can slip a binder over it"
"your stomach, or ""gut"" will usually give you a good indication of whether something or someone is good or bad for you, or if there is something amiss in a situation, but the heart just go for the good in all things/people without looking for consequences. thats my take on it anyways :o)"
=because it is a lot easier to blame someone else other than yourself. i really get upset with myself if i do or say something foolish or make a bad decision and there is no one else around to blame...even my dogs!
you're not serious right? that's like asking why bird fly. without literature we would be nowhere. we would be living in the caveman days.
"it;'s probably supposed to be a heart, which is <3 and whoever typed it never let go of the shift key. lol"
sound like you hit a nerve.....someone wa a whiner. it's gotten to be a normal thing in answers....
"i like to use jello brand sugar free pudding mix, with sugar free cool whip. at my kroger they have in the diabetic food section sugar free pie crust. like the grahan craker ones. i am a type 1 diabetic so i am able to use insulin to cover what ever i eat so at holiday i do eat the real thing, but i do make sugar free pudding in crust a lot and my kid even love it."
"even if we're all the same race, there will still be discrimination because even now, race make comment on how people of their own race have darker or lighter skin (latin, black, asian, caucasian etc.). that's life.. . i greatly disagree with you, we're not all the same type of person."
"just do it, you get a little le wrong each time....a little bit more refined each time... even if it take forever... once in a while, you will read a book, but don't let real test of face-to-face communication faze you!. . so how do you do? ...;)"
"they can like both jesus and jack bauer, i think though jesus showed a lot of love for all people (the wealthy or poor, the sick or healthy, the young or old). i don't know much about jack bauer though."
cut it from the top where that stem thing is sticking out. . i love pomagranate's...just had one today
because within god plan he ha given room for our actions. ie we can choose to believe in god or reject him. elijah prayed and he stopped it from raining.. . prayer is the method we use to communicate to god.
to do that you would have to grow turkey with no leg or thighs. i like the dark meat.
"what is the proper etiquette when someone is going to kill themselves?! first of all, if they do jump in front of a train, it will destroy their family's happiness and their own life when you could have done something to stop it from happening. if the person doe not want to live, then don't let him do it now, but rather when you are not around to witness his suicide, because that would probably be quite grotesque just to watch it happen.."
for strength and power in our lives.. . for a prayer language whereby we can pray his perfect will.. . for help when we don't know how to pray.
"theology is a study of [any] religion, faith and practices. it is considered a science with various branch of studies: dogmatic, practical, natural, systematic, liberation theologies.. . bible study is strictly confined to studying the scriptural text found in the holy bible only.. . peace be with you."
"remind yourself of your good quality and try to appreciate what you have. if your happy with yourself, you'll reflect confidence and people respect that."
"n their opinion it is their religion they can do it if they want, but the outside can't. it is like u making fun of ur brother and then someone else doe it ur ready to beat them up."
"religion is sitting in a church pew, thinking about fishing.. . spirituality is sitting in a boat fishing, thinking about god!"
"the origin of black friday come from the shift to profitability during the holiday season. black friday wa when retailer went from being unprofitable, or ""in the red,"" to being profitable, or ""in the black"", at a time when accounting record were kept by hand and red indicated loss and black profit."
substitute 3 tablespoon cocoa powder and 1 tablespoon shortening for 1 ounce unsweetened chocolate. most brownie recipe call for unsweetened chocolate.
there are more tradition for christmas like santa and reindeer and snow but thanksgiving ha nothing. what are u gonna sing about turkey and leaves...most christmas song are not about the real story except a few so if u want thanksgiving song there not gonna be about being thankful
"protein powder, frozen fruit, nuts, milk, blend and drink. i like mine think like a thick shake. i've used bananas, strawberries, cherry's and pineapple."
"you really have to get close to god in prayer. also read and study your bible a much a you can, and pray to god over the meanings. never, ever take someone else's word for it that someone is a prophet! you really can find out for yourself."
"yes. the majority of the founding father professed a belief in deism, not christianity."
return with aggressive-aggressive behavior. it will scare the heck out of the passive-aggressive person and teach them not to play head game with you anymore.
"woman are more feeling creatures, so when they do not have a way to express their despair to anyone, the only thing they can control is self-injuring. most statistic show that almost all of the woman or girl that do it are above average intelligence and most people think of them a high achiever who achieve great things.. there is a book called a bright red scream by marilee strong, it will give you case studies.. men are action oriented for the most part, they relieve their stress in physical ways, sports, etc........... the book will give you all the information you could ever want.. god bless"
you'd be way too much for a television audience if they showed the real stacy. i think you are cute.
"i out-grew the present receiving in my teen year learning that it is better give then to receive. i don't look for present and haven't for many year but yet i still receive present from my child and also give to them. i retain the family tradition of giving present to my grand-children but stop giving once they graduate from high school.. christmas to me is my religious teaching that it is the birth of christ, and that still remains my thought of the celebration, and other religion celebrate in their own ways.. so it is not just another day to me but the day we worship the birth of the christ child."
"around 13% of the entire population, but obviously certain area of the country have more, or less. but that would be true of any ethnic group."
why dont u try it? then you'll really find out what happens
"for new book all the time price. if you are talking about new area there might be new study cited, but most of the time very little change especially something on 12th ed., so check the forward sometimes good author's will give reason for new edition, and see which one meet your need best."
miracle on 34th street. a christmas story. all mine to give --- that one make me cry
by asking this question you have secred a lump of coal in your stocking... remember santa can see in your soul.. and when you sleep.... whoa. that is kinda creepy 0_0
"presumably everything king midas touched turned into gold, but his own parts. otherwise how wa he masturbating?"
"no, your'e not weird at all. my grandmother but whole milk in her earl gray tea, and for health reasons, she still kicking at 75 year old, she ha a cup of it everyday."
perhaps you did not realize it but living longer is very likely not something a priest would pray for. the big question is why is it the average age at death of a cardiologist is 58. go figure???
maybe by trying to figure it out we take too many wrong terms. plus unfortunately a lot of people always think the grass is greener somewhere else and try to get there instead of making their life the best it can be.
"$8trillion is the result of the s&l scam by the bush family during the reagan years.. . the rest is from diverting 75% of your tax dollar to profiteers. get rid of those two item and we wouldn't have the $26trillion that omb quote (does not agree at all with whitehouse figure which use creative bookkeeping, kind of go with ""alternative interrogation"" dontcha think?)."
more than anything else it is mismanagement. crop sit in warehouse in one place while people go hungry in others. there really isn't any reason to allow it to happen but politics and greed create situation where it is impossible to share abundance between people..
excellent -- i have a small one that i use all the time. the main thing to remember is to reduce cooking time by 30 to 50 percent (some experimentation required).
"great observation,most people on answer will not know half of what your talking about! some word will be to hard for them to understand,ie; atrocious,english,pathetic,prioriy,ignorance,and astonishing. a the mind of mencia says' dee dee dee on comedy central"
"it is not the religion a much a it is the violent people who distort their religion. most people in most religion are actually peaceful people. even muslim are peaceful, it is just the extremist who are violent."
you can go here and make you some money. it worked for me. i even have enough monwy extra to spoil myself a little. check it out.
"she say she doesn't trust anything she see anymore because the god were cruel.. . ""it is some god who is angry with the suitor for their great wickedness, and ha made an end of them; for they respected no man in the whole world, neither rich nor poor, who came near them, who came near them, and they have come to a bad end in consequence of their iniquity. ulysses is dead far away from the achaean land; he will never return home again."""
"there is no difference in taste or nutrition between white and brown eggs. the difference is just cosmetic. eggshell color can vary but it ha nothing to do with the quality, flavor, nutritive value, cooking characteristic or shell thickness of an egg. the eggshell color only depends upon the breed of the hen."
"in 1882 when the united state took the island of samoa back from the nips, thier #1 national export wa a graham cracker covered in caramel and chocolate. when they brought some of the samoan woman back to the united state a maid and cleaning ladies, they brought the cooky with them. then the maid's daughter joined the girl scout and introduced them to the cookie. the thin mint people were pretty pissed off!"
"christian, but not the ""we are better, so fuck you all"" kind. i follow the doctrine of universal reconciliation, theistic evolution, universal correctness, and eternal salvation.. . i also believe in infinite universe and cryptozoology."
"i think china, they have the biggest population and the lowest crime rate. very few christian too"
"in genesis 8, noah offered up sacrifice to god. he could do that because he had brought some animal aboard the ark in larger group than two (genesis 7:2). then in genesis 9, god put the fear of man in the heart of every animal, so that they would be hard to catch, and then he said to noah that they were to be food for him a well a the plants. apparently there wa enough time for the animal to reproduce because we've been eating them for centuries, and we still have enough to eat."
first your application to isengard must be accepted. aren't you being over-ambitious a little pre-maturely?
"the government is completely untrustworthy. nothing told to u by the government or any government representative should be taken at face value. to be safe, always assume a lie until proven otherwise. you'll be right more often than wrong that way."
"i would love to help but since i don't understand the language, most of the site that mention it are in german or french (dumb american that i am, i only know english, sort of).. . did you spell it right?. . a a consolation, there is a link for an interesting recipe."
"i wish i knew! i've tried washing my hand in lemon juice and it didn't work. i've tried rubbing stainless steel, they say that works, but not for me.. . time heals all things, and is the only thing i've found to eliminate onion smells."
you can tell some one it none of your business without being rude. just tell them that it personal and you would rather not discus it. if they keep pushing then you can get rude.
a friend got a student to set up a web page. the first 3 chapter were available for free to read. then the reader click a button and pay $5 to download the rest of the book if they want to read the rest.. . good luck
1.get a notepad. 2.get a pencil. 3.write on notepad with pencil
"athiests don't care what most people think. pious people are ""hellbent"" on caring about what everyone thinks, including but not limited to the imaginary ones."
"it wa a film from 1983. it wa directed by terry jones and terry gilliam. it starred and wa written by the cast of the tv show ""monty python's flying circus"".. . or 42."
"most probably it wa carbon dioxide, whic is routinely put into bottle of wine to preserve the wine.. . you see, oxygen damage wine, so to preserve it freshness and prolong it shelf life it is a common industry practice to inject co2 into the bottles.. . you did not have to throw that bottle away."
"cause- not working, drug alchol abuse, mental illness. effect- no material anything"
"in a military/govt. context, greek might be critical because greece is a nato ally but greek proficiency is le common among military applicants. inter-nato operation certainly requires fluent speaker to communicate and cooperate with u allies."
"i myself am depressive, but keep in mind that life always ha up's and down's. try to keep a positive outlook on life. be brave and have confidence in yourself. do thing that make you happy and that are good for you."
there's also an angel tree that is done by the salvation army for low income child who would otherwise not get anything. go to any salvation army church and apply in their office.
"actually, much of the new testament is about redemption and jesus asking u to follow him like mindless sheep. guilt may have worked in the past to help society obey common laws... but it is no longer needed. i'd like to think that people are more educated and civil now days."
some have an honest interest. others just enjoy ridiculing.
"color is easy. our eye see thing in color pic more easily than in b&w, so one must actually 'work' to create a good composition with only light and shadow.. i love b&w. it is more powerful, simple and if done right it easily overpowers color shots."
you hafta be in ireland. it the totally pure vegetable straight from farm to table that make it the best on earth
you do get that this is the religion spiritually section right? maybe should could convert to christianity.
liberalism is about bringing the largest amount of freedom to the largest group of people possible. conservatism is about minimizing the impact of government (in it idealized form). the '70s were liberal because the child and young adult of the '60s became the adult of the '70s and carried forward the liberalism of the 60's.
"i like the vinegar based sauce with chili peppers, rice wine vinegar, nam pla (fish sauce), sugar or palm sugar, julienned carrots, cilantro and sesame oil.. . hoisin is more chinese, a tamarind and garlic sauce with some nam pla, tamarind paste soaked in water, fresh garlic, nam pla, oyster sauce, sugar, soya sauce, ginger and either dried chili or chili sauce like sriracha or even. tabasco sauce, this optional."
i lost my grandmother at the airport. her flight came in and i met her coming off the terminal but i turned around for a minute to look at something and she wandered off. it took me two hour to find her in some obscure store several terminal over. i could have prevented that by holding her hand all the way to baggage claim.
"it sound like he ha a lot of anger in him and is using you to get that bad energy off. it's important i believe to maintain who you are and refuse to participate a his therapist or dumping ground, but not arguing back regardless of provocation.. . if he continues to be abusive, marriage counseling might be called for before it get worse."
because it won't kill ya.. and taste is subjective. i think life taste terrible! to me it doe have a bad taste.
"i'm not sure, but one of my favourite t shirt slogan wa ..... . heart of gold. nerve of steel. knob of butter"
someone who word are the opposite of their beliefs. someone who doesnt practise what they preach. . and i just smile when i see serj rofl so thank you for making me smile
"kobe is the name of a place in japan which is famous for it's meat (beef). it's very high quality, and very expensive!"
it doesn't actually 'affect' my life in any way. i accept it because it's true
"syncretism is a fusion of different system of belief. there is only one god. he is the father of jesus, our lord."
"it's actually the more correct phrase, surely. if you just say ""the british"" - you could be referring to the govenment, the army, the land-owners, etc. by saying ""the british people"", you are being specific in referring to the general populace."
"have you tried not wrapping the potato a tightly in foil? if you allow for more steam to escape, it should dry the crust out a little, and cause it to get a little crispy."
"i personally don't know if they can't have their own. they seem to think that adopting these child is going to give them a better life, in some instance this is true, but their money could be better spent giving the money to aid charity who can put it to good use for the children. it seems to be that a baby from a different country is the new celeb accessory."
"sometimes one way, sometimes the other.. . nee-ther and neye-ther."
"1 thess 4:17 is the verse cited, a to the source, it and pentecostalism had their root in the ""great awakening"" of the 19th century. popularized by darby and scofield, it wa first mentioned in print around 1830 and ha been traced to vision by an english woman named margaret macdonald."
"because the world is still full of d1ckheads.. . i also find it interesting to read answer stating that racism is no longer acceptable...if only that were true...the british medium like nothing more than to whip up a racist backlash!. i can assure you that racists, live, thrive and survive and are proud of their foul opinions."
"while i don't place any stock in the biblical creation story, it is silly to say that adam belonged to any religion whatsoever. there were no religion at the time stated in the bible. even judaism didn't start until abraham."
"i have no idea. he should just come out of the closet.. . next, he'll say he wa molested by his youth minister or something...turning himself into a victim just like that foley guy.. . some people are just pathetic."
check out this site. it ha all the info you need
"wherever you face, there is god. why should there still arise the question of qiblat? your faith to god is your eternal qiblat."
"the site below should help you with the differences. a to which is better, that is a matter of personal taste, there is no ""best."" it's all a matter of which you prefer."
i am working at a job in which the entire department will be laid off in a couple months. rather be back in school.
"lazy, fat, self centered, obnoxious, did i say self centered. i think i forgot disrespectful."
"a renaissance philosophical and educational movement emphasizing the importance and dignity of the human existence, of the individual self, and of the here-and-now. central aspect of humanism include it interest in the earthly, secular life, the development of human virtue and potentials, the enjoyment and understanding of the material world, the betterment of the human condition, and the promotion of the aesthetic, intellectual and educational tradition of classical antiquity. humanism originated in italy in the 14th century in the work and idea of figure like dante alighieri, francesco petrarca (petrarch), and giovanni boccaccio."
my favorite???? his last one may it be very soon. *ugh* horrible books.
"who knows, first thing in mind is,"" no soul"", dope and or psychology did not ever come to my mind front at the mention of a human clone. by the way, i believe clone already exist, on planet school. i think the norwegians, german or dutch have cloned human beings.. god bless u all..."
"it called heaven. i am the way the truth and the life, no man cometh to the father, but by me. john 14:6"
"it is the defensiveness. people feel they have to defend their point, and if they don't have a intellectual way to do that then they resort to something more simple."
"have a talk with a right monk in the buddist temple.... if you have time, do visit tibet, try to meet dalai lama & denshi lama..."
"i say nonchristians can kiss my white christian behind. they say i cannot pray in school, yet set aside special prayer room for ramadan. maybe christian need to start car bombing and beheading folks."
"i used to drive my mom nut doing this. i guess you think that if you keep opening the fridge, suddenly you'll get an idea of something to make or eat."
"veganism mean not eating fish, poultry, red meat, dairy or any other animal by-products. to simplify, vegan don't use anything which ha been produced or provided by another specie of animal. breast milk is produced by the mother during pregnancy specifically for the baby, a it contains nutrient essential to assist the development of the child."
"not all black people speak like their ""from da hood"" so there's not such a talking black. it's more like speaking ghetto..and it's ridiculous on anyone who isn't from the ghetto but especially white people."
"bauhaus is the common term for the staatliches bauhaus, an art and architecture school in germany that operated from 1919 to 1933 and briefly in the united state from 1937-1938 and for the approach to design that it developed and taught. the most natural meaning for it name (related to the german verb for ""build"") is architecture house. bauhaus style became one of the most influential current in modernist architecture.[1]"
yah i meen i tottaley agre ad yar soo rit. . kidding i know thats so distractin(did i spell that righ!)
=because they can actually learn something and understand a bit more a to how the criminal mind work because we good people generally do not think like that. these people that like these show tend to like thee medical show a well. i know i do.. much better than the simpson's or fear factor or some of the sitcom
"if you go to alt dot com, and join (its free) there is a place where you can specify what interest you...and yes, anything and everything you can imagine is there.. but be warned...as with site like these there are a lot of game players, so be cautious.. good luck"
"the motto of the poor knight of the temple of solomon (crusader templar knights) was:. ""kings are strong, wine is stronger, woman are stronger still, but absolute power, is truth"" nothing in the universe can diminish it's power.so you can never go wrong with truth."
"it's an intense craving for something your body is used to having,and you've stopped having it for some reason or another.. i.e. smoking,drugs,sex,that kind of stuff.also known a withdrawl."
mush is like when you over potato or rice and then they all stick together and are way to soft. when broccoli is boiled and over cook and is all soft and falling apart that is when something is like mush.
bad bartender. i wa at one a few week ago and he did not know what b&b was.
"if you dumped it onto a standard keyboard you may have destroyed your keyboard which is pretty cheap to replace. if it is a membrane type keyboard it is mostly liquid proof and just wipe it off. if you spilled it into the gut of your computer, it's bye, bye computer."
"first prophet wa adam(pbuh), since then god ha sent 124000 prophet and massangers to deferent place and defeent time, to guide humanity. last and final prophet wa muhammad(pbuh).. . in the mean time god ha gave u mind and free will to accept or reject truth."
the yellow ice is bad for the same reason you don't eat yellow snow. don't lick a yellow pole.
"so many product contain or are treated with this preservative, most often it is used to retain freshness and colour, potato and vegetable have this added to keep the fresh colour, and potato are done this way to keep them from going brown.. . most all of other food have it in to extend it's shelf life, and some use it to do like the first repondant said , a an. antibacteria and aid in the shelf life of preserved or cooked foods."
"send it back with a message ""jesus love you""every time.it doe work.i get sicko answer on my email.so i asked yahoo to spam every filthy email i get.they always notify me ,as it put in bulk.which get deleted.be strong.i once answered a question to the de-famous dr.phil.he answered me by inviting me ,to join his on-line porno club. i really freaked out.goes to show when people drop their masks.from mikhal in israel."
"unfortunately, there aren't any set criteria. many people go through a phase of experimentation to try to discover themselves before they decide one way or the other. some loose criterion would be feeling attraction towards a member of the same sex, wanting to engage in er, certain act with member of the same sex, fantasizing about member of the same sex, etc."
"reform would mean that the czar would have to give up part, if not all of their powers.. . no person who ha been in power for long would want to relinquish power a ""power corrupts, absolute power corrupts absolutely"""
"she's probably jealous of you for some reason or another...and you posting question like this is fueling her fire. forget about her and move on. if you get a message or anything from her, don't even waste your time reading it."
"the ""da vinci code"" is so popular because it rock the catholic and other religious boats. it tell a different story about jesus and mary magdalene that the church categorically denies a lies.. it make one wonder what else there is that we are being misled about."
"there once wa a man, who wanted to be the head goat of all the goat in the world. he ate sh*t and suddenly became popular, he didn't care, they didn't care. everyone had a crappy life.. the end"
"i think the equation is 2 oz patchouli per each day skipped shower... . so if they haven't bathed in a week, they'd douse themselves with 14 oz.."
"why do people fail to understand the difference of the layman's term ""theory"" and the scientific term ""theory""?. . there is indeed a difference."
"it is a wild cherry plant and a previously stated is a small fruit with a stone or pit fairly large and little flesh on it, the north american native used it for food, medicine and dried the paste for a winter snack and pick me up.. . here in canada there are company's who make it into jam, i have bought it and my mother used to live in northern ontario, and regularly picked them, she always said never drink milk after eating them or your throut will close over, that is why in english they are called choke cherry's"
"i think it's misrepresented because of it isolation from other continents. sport are pretty international, but not current science or art really."
the advantage is that we have nothing to lose. a rich person can lose their good thing and miss them terribly and u being poor and all can look at them and not understand the grief. we spend more time with our loved ones. my child were brought up by me not a nanny.
"telepathy is an imagined attribute whereby one can read someone el thoughts, or project their thought to another person using no external method of propogation.. . no succesful, double blind, scientific test have shown telepathy to work.. . most report of telepathy can easily be put down to fraud or coincidence and conformation bias"
"lex rex is the sacred law and prerogative of christian kings. in medieval day it wa presumed that the king wa placed a ruler by god and thus had 'divine right' so that whatever he said wa accepted a god's truth and the king could not, therefore, be wrong. lex rex is latin for 'the king's law'."
"we believe in space, time and matter. scientist would prefer these belief remain in vogue because if they did not then all their castle in the sky would come crumbling down and we'd be left with nothing but particle pie and space-time goulash."
last time i answered a question like this i wa called homophobic. then i got a violation notice . so i will not answer you. hope you understand you know what these answer fool are like
"rough, or large particles. like cookie dough before you spoon it out to cook a opposed to pancake batter that is smooth. coarse grit you can almost form in a ball a opposed to smooth or runny. i hope this helps."
"a movie? jewlery? or best of all.....shopping spree (doesn't have to be clothes, i personally love books)"
"f) other, let him work through it, he'll be ok.. i think..."
"well she wa a journalist and divorced. but that is not the problem. it wa her past ( they were an item) with the lead singer of the group mana that really is the problem. now she pretend she is so high class, that really infuriates the spaniards."
i just shook my head because i had been seeing so many local preacher running off with the church and their money. i have been laughing a lot lately.
the indonesian flag's dimension are 2:3. monaco's flag's dimension are 4:5 (more squarer)
read martin heidegger. he is a german philosopher who adresses this question in extreme depth.. he come to the conclusion that to dwell is to live.. from the german word dwell he draw to be and to be is to exist therefore to dwell is to exist a a human on earth.
should be perfectly safe. i always stuffed a goose and never had any problems.....happy eating....smile
"that's not judging, that's condemnation. you can judge something a good, too, not just bad."
"a monopsonist is the sole consumer (for example, the only consumer of nuclear submarine in the u.s. is the u.s. navy). a monopolist is the sole producer."
finely chopped cr@p cake and farter sauce ----. . ha ha ha ha ha
"well, you can't control the nature climate changes, but we can all have an impact on global warming, pollution, etc. if the government would advocate $1 of every $50 invested in technology stock to fund some up and coming company to work on say hydro-electric or solar vehicles, these company would come up with the new wave very quickly, thus reducing the impact of smog, and general pollution. it would also drastically cut down on our consumption of oil form terror prone states. this would also create more job within our own national borders."
"a guilty conscience is when we do something that we know we shouldn't, and is wrong, and we keep thinking about what we have done without getting a moment peace...our thought are focused on this one thing constantly being reminded, and we worry about consequence.. . no conscience is when we have no concern for others, or ourselves, and even if we do a wrong we feel no responsibility for it or for others, we feel no remorse, basically the idea of doing something wrong doe not register in our minds, a being wrong, and we care nothing about consequence."
just part of the rind.. . they don't hurt you but they don't taste like much either. it help hold the clementine together. tangerine and orange and so forth have the same thing.
"i think it is because we think our life are much worse than the person we compare ourself to. we do it because we are all naturally competitive. but we really dont give ourself credit to the life we are living now, because we all wish we had someone el life."
"the word ""gospel"" mean ""good news"". to write a ""gospel"" letter would simply mean that you are putting in your letter good news.. . a a side note: the 4 gospel in the bible (as all the new testament book ) were written by eye-witnesses to the christ.. their ""good news"" is that the christ became flesh and brought u the hope of the resurrection."
"the worst problem not only for india but for entire world.. attitudes...human values...poverty...misunderstanding., terrorrism..the the last but not least is dirty politics.... the only remidy for these kind of problem is to motivate people...towards one to onefor construction but not for distructions."
"my friend don is half jewish half native american ( call himself a schmohawk) love fat women, always has. i don't understand it at all, but back in our single day we used to cruise together for woman and never had to fight over a woman."
"self-fulfilling prophecy is a psychological term that suggests, for example, that if you tell a person over and over again that they are stupid, they will in fact fail to achieve. the corollary would also hold, that telling someone they were smart improves their chance for achievement. this ha been applied to the impact of racism, women's limited involvement in scientific careers, internalized homophobia, and the united state expansion into it western territory (it wa said to be our ""manifest destiny"")."
"people who arent asain seem to have some strange obsession with asain culture. i guess thats flattering but it kind of funny too since most of the time they dont know whats going on and try to fit in with what is going on. im asian but not chinese or japanese so i would check with chinese/japanese people i know i can read chinese or japanese if i were gonna get an asain tattoo. or else im pretty sure my tattoo is gonna say something like ""im stupid"" and all the chinese/japanese people will be laughing at me."
add ice too and you should be set. i would add the oj slow to make sure it doesn't get too runny.
"cru·di·tés (krd-t). pl.n.. cut raw vegetables, such a carrot stick and pepper strips, served often with a dip a an appetizer"
"because they can. they hide behind their computer and say stuff they would definetely not say to anyone's face.. real pathetic, isn't it? they're sad"
"gamma hydroxybutyrate (ghb) wa originally developed a an anaesthetic, but withdrawn due to unwanted side effects. other us have been for the treatment of narcolepsy, for the relief of symptom when withdrawing from dependant alcohol use and more recently a a growth hormone stimulant used by body builders.. . it can be used a a recreational drug but too little can make you dozy, too much can make your go into a coma and just about right is supposed to be quite pleasant.. . the problem is getting the dose right, it ha also been used a a date rape drug."
it hard at first for anyone to handle this but you have to bring the truth out someday or the other.atleast you should reveal this truth to your best friend since it would hurt them the most but if they would understand your true feeling they would remain with you.then ofcourse your parent but this is one thing which is tough news to break but one thing for sure they would never break relationship with you.and a time come they would come to an understanding and everything will sort out at the end.. i know it tougher to do than say but you goto to talk this step if not now than trow.. all the very best and remember it your life!!
"so you don't get tourtured for all eternity, in a too hot place?????"
"this may come a a shock for many people there in us, but u is not the world, it only a small part of it.. . it your government we certainly don't like, they are really dumb, making stupid war all over, don't care for their own people unless they have lot of money, they don't care about pollution and you are doing many thing above your own know how and technology.. then shit happens too often and people get killed even.. . for the rest, most of you are nice people, but don't sell your god so much, if they need it, they can find it themselves, don't show the known way, it make u go in different direction anyway."
a fixation is defined a obesssion or fascination or a addiction. how do you get out of it? well i guess that depends on what you're fixated on.
"how would you like it if one day you found out that your not original? that you were made a a copy. just about all people are original and it is something you could never be. how would you feel not having a mum and dad... ""oh i'm a clone of mr jones"" would you (the clone) be ok with that?"
""" allah said to them: (eat) the honey and quail (and drink of) all the spring (that which allah hath provided. and do not act corruptly, making mischief in the earth) and do not cause mischief on the earth, or act contrary to what moses commanded."""
"you are mistaken.. some thing are both true & eternal.. if it is not true, it is not eternal.. scripture is true."
"because of the hope it represents. jesus wa born on this day and without him we would have nothing to look forward to. people that are on drugs, homeless, sick, have lost their children, would have no hope. jesus is the reason for the season and the hope for all."
richest or the highest income? ~ there is a difference...
"similarities: they are both educated, middle-class, black african politicians.. . the main difference is that mandella is a reformed convicted terrorist."
"it's ""pictoglyphs"" and ""ancient"". pictoglyphs are used in place of a book. that is, they tell a story with one scene when an alphabet wasn't part of the artists' skills."
"not everyone is able to think in the abstract! study of left and right brain dominance. show some understand concepts, (left). some people understand better when we ""draw"" a picture for them, (right)!"
i've never found out what you have to do to be a practising jedi. it might liven up our local church group if you could come round and give u a demonstration of your light sabres. i thought it wa all science fiction allowing someone to make a lot of money out of the film - but then you probably think the same about my lot.
i live for earth because god chose to put me on earth. god heard my parents' prayer to have a child and he wanted to bless their prayers.
"simplicity. it take too many word to say ""i woke up this morning when the earth's rotation cause the sun to appear above the horizon""."
the reformation wa a very complex event and did not happen in germany alone but in different way all over europe.. . try to harvest this site:
because it is not supposed to be put into boiling water ;it is cake with sugar cream inside. the cake will fall apart if you put in any water but you need hot water to melt the surgar cream although it would desolve given time in cold water. why would you even think of this experiment?
"conrad hilton started building hotel back in the 1920s. some of his heir are extremely wealthy and famous, such a his grandaughters, nicky and paris."
"the most ancient manuscript are related to the various book of the bible. they are written in many ancient language - greek, sumerian, aramaic,etc . . we have many of these ancient writings, and more were discovered in contemporary times, such a the dead sea scroll discovered in the 1948-50's."
seriously i have been afraid of vampire since i wa 4 or 5. ever since i heard a story about dracula. i sometimes have nightmare that i am being chased by vampires. i am 18 now.
"i don't know, but i actually stopped getting chicken at chinese place because of it. i can never finish a whole meal and with chicken usually ended up throwing it out the next day. now i stick with vegetable chow mein"
can't tell what type of cake you're talking about but here' are a couple of possibilities:. . 1. didn't separate egg (yolk and white) and whisk white until stiff and folded the batter into it at the end. 2. over-mixed the batter (which make the cake tough and hard)
several men were lined up to face an interior garage wall and machine gunned to death by the mob in chicago. it happened on february 14. wa a message not to screw over the mob.
do your own work. or you will never pas history class
"in the american colonial period, it wa a standard practice for the british army to quarter (that is, provide shelter for) their troop in privately owned homes, a opposed to a barracks, even against the wish of the owner of the house. the 3rd amendment prohibits the u army (or other military branches) from engaging in this practice at all time during peace, and only a regulated by law during war. without the 3rd amendment, soldier could be put in your residence and you would be forced to shelter and feed them. that's it in a nutshell."
i'm dogless and i defy you to reject my assertion. i'm also pigless. so there.
"you have to join group that compel comment a part of the group like ""hit miss maybe"" ""comments, comments, comments"". the drawback is that people comment on just what they like, and are not always well informed about photography or art or criticism in general so the comment may not be great. the plus side is that they will usually point out thing that might make a photo more ""marketable"" than another which is helpful to most people. so give it a try!"
well when u find out someone like u you want to like them back because some time u think no one would ever like u so u like them back! hope u takre my advise!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"the term ambivert wa coined to denote people who fall more or le directly in the middle and exhibit tendency of both groups.. . an ambivert is normally comfortable with group and enjoys social interaction, but also relish time alone and away from the crowd."
"yes, one, they are the other half of the equation that allows mankind to reproduce. also, if you believe the story of exodus, you can see that adam wa too happy in the garden of eden, so god created eve to teach him lesson of what pain, suffering, loneliness, misery and confusion really is."
"participate in you highschool theatre productions, acting classes, local community theatre, exc.... just be a part of thing in your local area for starters. have fun!"
"shatabdi is the state version of rajdhani, i.e. connecting to the state capital.. the standard of service and food is better than the normal trains, also with fewer stops, the speed is better than other trains. so the primium price!"
"this would be a true statement except for the fact of the great deceiver, who frequently make people feel their affection are in one place while they are actually in another.. . i don't know who is telling you what, or about what. that is, this answer isn't about you in particular--it is about many in general."
"yes...its a sin to support sin. we are now taught that if we stand against what is wrong we are "" intolerable"". but god never said to ""tolerate"" sin. i dont think it a question allowing homosexuality to exist but a question of supporting it and allowing it to thrive a a alternative lifestyle rather than the abomonation that god call it"
"you know what?...a memory that deep can only come from a memory which is so happy and give you joy...(since he wa your first time, i bet it wa the first time someone manage to make you feel important.so how to solve this?). since this guy is so deep in your mind, the only way seem logical is your current boyfriend able to give you the same feeling or perhaps better than him..he must be able to make you feel that he love you and you are the most important thing in his life..as time pas you your memory of your ex will eventually wear off..."
"just tell him what you've told u -that you don't think you're quite ready for a serious relationship. he'll either agree to take it slow, or he'll tell you that he need a serious relationship & maybe you shouldn't see each other. either way, at least you'll know where you stand with him. good luck."
you've got to be kidding me.... i think you posted this just to get people riled up a bit... grow up... you ain't jar jar... and if i wa the clerk... i would have beat the livin' crap outta you... you wouldn't have went to jail... you'd have gone to the hospital i.c.u...
cleanse the ring by placing it in salt or burying it. running water work well too.
"buttermilk is the rich-bodied and thick liquid that remains after butter is churned. some buttermilk have butter granule added for flavor and eye appeal. buttermilk contains all the food nutrient essential for health and well-being, and is low in calories. generally, 8 ounce of buttermilk equal 90-112 calories."
"it's the jew that rock while reading the torah. haven't noticed muslim doing it, happy to be corrected."
hi! i use a little soy sauce and a little worcestershire sauce with lot of garlic (minced) and some fresh grated ginger. my favorite!
"the world ha many people who are mentally ill. there is no explaining this kind of behavior, other than sick people do sick things. free mental health care should be available to everyone, just like education.. . religion is usually not the cause, but is sometimes used a a cover, for those who wish to behave badly."
"typically, one will just endure an upset stomach. however, there is a slight risk of ingesting certain harmful bacteria, yet that is not very common with milk that is only a few day old."
"confront him in a polite way and ask him why he follows you. if he will not answer in a normal/respectful way, let him know he is causing you to become uncomfortable. if he still persists, solicit advice from the school principal. good luck!"
"do a you have never done before and think a you have never thought before - these two thing will lead to miraculous changes. choose what you want - and think, act and speak a a person with your desired quality would be.. . secondly - challenge all your doubt"
what do you mean? how would those festival effect the environment much?
"many church help out, and also try the salvation army they have a angel tree program you can sign the kid up for gift and for food for your family, also ask about program at your child's school some have christmas gift giving programs, also a at the wic office they also have a christmas gift and food program, and at most hospital each unit buy for a family, food and gifts. there is a lot of help but it go rather quickly so apply now. god bless you and your family and have a very merry christmas. you are all in our prayers."
try adding a small piece ( actually 2 grain per bottle ) of camphor . it clean the water out a well a improving taste.
"if a person continually sabotage friendship and relationship they could be suffering from a mental condition called ""borderline personality disorder."" (bpd). these type of people thrive on drama and conflict in their lives, and can be very obsessive in pursuing the relationship, but then once they attain it will break it off for no apparent reason. if this sound like the person(s) you're talking about and you want to find out more about bpd, there is a great book on the subject called ""i hate you; don't leave me."""
"""easter"" is a variation of the name ""astarte"" - a fertility goddess of some ancient civilization (babylonian? assyrian? other?). what better symbol of fertility than bunny and egg (i don't know why we dye them and hide them)?"
"to make the world's best pizza. it may not be much, but it is mine, and i'm willing to be made fun of for this."
"put a few drop of vermouth in the glass & swirl to cover inside of glass.. add choice of vodka & your choice of garnish. it's important to use a good vermouth. don't buy cheap, it's not a substitute for good flavor."
i'm not going to vote for anyone who want to put religion into government. that's about it for me.... . i am a thervada buddhist
"i would use erfahren (from erfahrung = experience), a better choice, caicos turkey is correct.. . p.s. georgeena's example is even better, erleben is just right.. . lived in germany a long time ago so not a quick off the mark to remember it all."
"well unless you're making money off of the photo or movie you don't need to worry about it. if you do intend to sell them of charge for viewing you'll need to get them to sign a realease slip that basically say they don't mind you filming them. if they don't sign you have to blur out their faces.. the release slip doesn't have to be anything fancy, but it's probably best to have a lawyer look over it to make sure there aren't any loop hole in which you could get stuck being sued."
"no, i would not. if i vote for someone who doesn't believe in god, then i am supporting their belief and i can't do that because i do believe in god."
"in . christianity it is a person officially recognized, especially by canonization, a being entitled to public veneration and capable of interceding for people on earth."
"what doe this have to do with anything and what exactly is your question?. . if it is a black man and a white woman, where doe a black woman come in?"
"i am a nail biter and i bite my nail when i am in deep thought. i only bite them when i am thinking hard, but the problem is...i am a ""critical thinker"" and i often find myself thinking ""hard"" more than anything else. my nail grow, and tend to get pretty long, but then something occurs and i find myself stressfully thinking and then i bite them...i don't know"
"of course not, and it confuses me how any right-minded person could consider that kind of situation ""heaven."" i've also heard of a theory that god supposedly make you forget about all your loved one that are burning in hell, but i don't see how that's any better."
"prick can be a number of things:. -something small and pointy that cause a little pain, like a pin prick. -someone small and pointy that cause a little pain by being annoying. -or a term for a small pointy penis,"
death by brandi young. . found free on the free poem database
"i learned how to make apple pie at school, then made one for thanksgiving and the both turned out well (i had my doubt though, lol) the recipe told u to put it is for 45 minute at 450 or 425 degrees, but my teacher told u to change it to 90 minute at 350 degree so that the inside could cook better and the crust wouldn't get too cooked.. i think cooking it until the crust look golden brown should be good."
"because life is all about learning lesson and sometimes (well, most of the time) people dont realize their mistake and what need to be changed until they hit rock bottom. only then can they start to rebuild what ha been broken..."
hiya.. we are born with lust so that people will multiply. if we didn't have lust we wouldn't talk much to the other sex :) so now the stuff you are into start simple and small and end up out of control. if you are really concerned about it then step outside of yourself and look at it. first of all you got to find out if you really want to get rid of it or not.. may god richly bless you.
a statement cannot be both true and false simultaneously. this violates the rule of logic. whether something is in the bible ha no relavancy to this principle.
"i guess you mean important to sumerians. lol but anyway, i don't know any ancient civilization that didn't find religion and/or magickal use important to everyday life. for most of u religion is something we thrive on and depend on for our physical, physilogical, mental, emotional, physcological, and above all else spiritual needs."
"crazy idiot of countries,who although they think can take on the world ,they are just a boil on a big backside, iran's nutjob adbejejebdebdjed, and numptie smith from korea,don't realise just how small they really are in comparison to the rest of the world,when the shit hit the fan,they will fold,to save themselves.. any country where the leader ha picture of himself everywhere,is unfortunately for the people of that country,a joke to the rest of the world.. sleep sound,sleep well my friend,you have nothing to fear,the like of usa ,uk ,france, etc,are never going to launch a nuke at anyone.and the other countries,it wont be allowed,maybe more ground war to come but not nuclear.. good night god bless,. if you have to worry,. worry about the weather or football,lifes to short to worry about thing you can't control anyway."
"mmm,a sit sorry i can't actuallly find a specific site that collect all these info,u can look it up at google write for instance: egypt alexandria language international school. and dun worry alex is one of the best place in egypt and very very very safe u can leave ur kid walk home alone.about shopping mall there's carrefour and san stefano which are the best.i have my cousin live ove there so if u need any further info just email me and i'll make u full guide info about everything but u have to specify for me.just when you get there u'll get familiar with everything..just settle down and talk ur family for a walk and ask for everything around u from supermarket to hospital to club to pharamcies & skools.wish u luck"
a surname? it your last name - your family name.
"seriously, i think most gay and lesbian are indifferent to them. that doesn't mean they disrespect them, it just isn't something many of u dwell on. the only time it really becomes an issue is when and if there may be intimacy with that paerson, otherwise it isn't our concern how they live their lives.. . i am sure every non bisexual ha an opinion on bisexuals, but most of u in glbt don't let our personal opinion cloud how we treat bisexuals."
active listening is when you give physical gesture that you are listening. you could lean towards the person when they are talking to show how much you are listening. nodding while they are talking also indicates you are paying attention. sometimes repeating what the person is saying help them know you are really listening.
"you may have add or aadd, depends on your age. i've never been to a doctor for it, but i am pretty sure i've got it. add is attention deficit disorder and aadd is adult attention deficit disorder"
"i speak in tongue constantly.. . don't understand why noone read the book of acts, or 1st corinthian 12 and 14."
"froth is a form of colloid. when a gas is dispersed in a liquid, the resultant colloid is froth. in beer, a sandy b ha explained, co2 gas released by the fermenting yeast bubble out."
"ok, you say you aren't a lesbian....you aren't asking a question primarily to gay men, right?. . then why on earth did you post it twice in this section?"
"it's a little cool at that time a year. warm during the day & cool at night. savannah is on the cost, so bring a jacket. i wouldn't wear short & flip flops...although you never know, one day it's scorching the next it's cold!"
it the diminutive . so when they do that it becomes a term of endearment. like it cute or sweet
"oddly enough but true (i didn't notice your name until i'd decided to answer!), but my favourite is sainsbury's red label. if i wanted scented tea i'd buy a bottle of perfume and add it, so these people can shove their earl grey and camomile anywhere they like except in my direction!"
"~a donald trump casino in atlantic city. an earlier version wa the 60's blue man. 36 album later, he's still going strong."
"hmmmmm...mm uuuuhhhh. my water ha no after taste could it be that your drinking well water, or maybe the after taste from your w e e d..... i love h2o"
"spending time with family sharing stories, eating good food and enjoying each others company. unfortunately, i don't get to have my ideal thanksgiving this year, life suck sometimes."
"a comfortable, well-lit, reading nook (beanbag chair are always good for this). read to them frequently!!!!. find book on subject they are interested in. let them catch you reading book"
what?. i really can't get it .. u r asking about adam ..... but i can't understand
"a language is proper to a country by the expressions, the dialect of the region where it's spoke. for example, even if canadians, american and british speak all english, there's some expression that are use only in each country that the other one won't recognize. it go also for region in the country, some one in ny will use an expression that someone from tx (who are both in us) won't know the meaning....and it go for any language spoken"
because it is always best to do thing twice! reassurance darling!
..hi ...when she is right for you..you will feel that...with your heart and soul!..when you are both are looking in the same direction!;).... kind regards...good luck:) ..
"my feeling exactly. the more people discus the book/movie in a good or bad way, the more people will want to read/watch it."
the city above ground don't have to be discovered. they're just there.
well u should be able to get a baby-sitting job that pay pretty well. when full time parent worker need help and the original baby sitter either want the summer off or went off to college that is where u should come in.. . to find it u should ask your parent if there work partner know anybody who might be interested.
"the phrase ""a witch is riding your back"" mean after doing something that you know wa wrong, you have a sort of nightmare and you convince yourself that you woke up screaming for help and you could not move and no one came to help you. that is when someone will tell you a witch rode your back during the night."
"get them a better magick book, explain that spell work better when the moon is waning.- good luck, i will send my demon to help. -- after all i am lilith."
"smothered pork chop are never dry but my friend can fry them just right and they are soooo juicy but when i fry them they dry out. i think it depends on how thick the cut is- she never get thin cut pork cop they are always very thick, you have to go to the butcher and ask for them to cut it becuase it isnt in the meat aisle."
"they were messing with you, i seriously doubt anyone really eats fishfood ice cream. the eskimo people make what they call eskimo ice cream, i've never been a huge fan of it but it sure is popular at potlucks.. . ben and jerry's make a phish food. it's chocolate/vanilla swirl ice cream with little piece of fudge in the shape of fish scattered in it."
around me girl are mainly two types: one type ha dedicated itself to social phenomenon such a poverty and social inequality those are unquestionably ugly. the other is that the type waiting for a hot date or out-going and having high self-confidence undoubtedly pretty :)
"i would go to a travel website. i heard that you can apply while you are there there is a 3 day visa if you plan to go over by three day and a 30 day visa.you can get that most port in indonesia like bali, jakarta and medan etc. i think it cost 25 dollar to get a 30 day visa. or you can apply for a visa in a indonesian consulate or go to dc and go to their indonesian embassy."
"i suppose, if i were to ask the question here ""what is the meaning of life?"", then i would hope to find an answer somewhere, from someone, and then use that answer to justify my actions, and comfort myself, in this ocean of chaos.. . but, what would i do, if there wa no answer?"
are you a christian? just wondering here is my email if you wan to email something aright.
it's illegal & dangerous.. . click below for illegal drug links.
"a law of nature is a theory that ha been tested throughly and is generally considered a close to fact a a theory can be. science doe not claim it fidings a absolute facts. natural laws, however, are considered to be theory that are very unlikely to be disproven.. . natural law a it pertains to societal issue is rather ambiguous."
"maybe youre refering to agnosticism or gnoticism. if im right, it is the theory which argues that that knowledge of any divine being is beyond human knowledge."
"being born again mean being born of the spirit, and all the perfection that entail becoming part of your character. simply claiming to be born again without the spiritual quality is open hypocrisy.. . when you are born again it will be obvious to you, in that everything you do will be for the love of god, you will hate no one and nothing, and you will be entirely at peace with all."
"i am the same, my morning dream are much more vivid. i dont know why this is myself. i would suggest u go to the shop and buy a really informative dream book especially if you are really into it. with dreams, i only really know about lucid dreaming (where u know ur in a dream) and flying dreams."
"because you could have endless opportunity for slightly off-color joke in the course and scope of your job. remember little oscar? notice they abandoned that image before using that song. and always had it sung by very innocent, very young children."
you are in the genealogy category. genealogy is about family history so therefore i cannot explain it too you.
well it because they are not u and can never be us. they are their own people. they have their own minds.
it could be because they have so much power. people like being in control and the mobs/mafias have that.they also have respect which is some thing that people also crave.
being british is a person. the uk is a land area
show how a nation behaves ! . doesn't it ?. there is no excuse for stupidity !
"it probably stem from both the jewish custom of placing a stone on the grave, a a sign of remembrance and the custom of putting a coin on a dead person's eye to keep them closed. then again. it could be because these people believe that you can buy someone's way into heaven."
"it another way to say ""state of mind"". . it how you are thinking.... . example: johnny is in a sexual frame of mind (johnny is thinking sexually)"
"for big publishing houses, you will need an agent. for smaller publishing house you will need a strong stomach to handle all of the rejections. check out the annual writer's market guide book. they list publishing companies."
dear rick: unless a weapon is used in a felony and one or more are involved people can stand by and watch crime happen. there are no law requiring people to call 911 if a crime is being committed. if you were taken hostage in a bank heist (felony) are you guilty? i believe fear for one's life free's them from guilt.
it's a language. out of the baltic region (check the map of europe)
i suggest the best route would be to take the london bus network. it cheaper than the london underground and much better connected.
people have short temper because they were not taught to properly express their emotions. nobody ha to go off on someone. i is always a choice unless they lack the skill for proper communication
"the best example of ""terrorism"" would be the 9/11 incident wherein many innocent people died for something that some die-hard fanatic thought wa worth dying and sacrificing their lives. sometimes, it is an excuse for religious fanatic to do some violence on other people and countries."
"i wouldn't hold your breath, even though the church is supposed to give back to the community. i find it odd that the church teach u not to seek the thing of the world, and then pas the plate to collect the money of the world."
the sam hoosier is right his team worked on the indiana side of the bridge. the hoosier dome wa named after the peaple of indiana. later they sold out to rca.
spanish .... . bcs have music on it :) when u speak it or hear it
depends what you believe. if you believe in god well then obviously that ha something to do with it. why is this question posted here?
you have come on yahoo answers. this a good platform to get friend also. i made more than fifty friend here. u can also make a many a u need.
there are many country with the same patron saint. the oddest i believe is ireland and nigeria both of which have st patrick.
emo people are people who listen to music about like how sad their life is and crap. it short for emotion or emotional. so think emotional music when you think emo.
"the orthodox church ha two criterion that distinguish it date for pascha (orthodox easter) from western eastern. firstly, they use the julian calendar, which is thirteen day behind the gregorian one, to establish the equinox because easter both eastern and western must fall after the first full moon after the vernal equinox. furthermore, the orthodox church hold that pascha must take place after passover is completed, while western easter sometimes take place before or during that jewish holiday."
"moral are man-made, create for the purpose of manipulation by guilt-trip.. priests, gurus, religious leaders,...they all implant moral into people's consciousness.. who are those people in the temple and churches?. the weak, those in search of some help, in search of somebody to protect them, somebody to give them security, safety."
"aatma is a pure and divine person's soul.it is what go with you to heaven while your body is left behind.it is who you are are.if you get drunk,then you are drunk and if you belive in god then you have god.it is hard to understand especially when you are hearing it from me,an eleven year old.it isn't just a bunch of mushy stuff but if you have the intelligence to understand it then i say you are a genius.well i hope this helps!!"
you might be more careful about mountainclimbing or something when your 70. in my thirty i dropped a lot of fear when i wa living alone for the first time (and enjoying it too) that i still haven't got back no matter how ugly people get. and i have seen an uglliness that i would have never thought possible back when i thought of people a healthy or unhealthy. so take heart yiou will probably go through stage where you drop fear not acquire them.
none.. . some choose not to destroy life.. some eat meat np.
watch your local paper for audition for being an extra....being an extra is just in the background...but it get your foot in the door...the audition is similar to an actor test screening...so give it your best.. . good luck on your new venture
"the united state encouraged the establishment of israel, and wa one of the first nation to grant it diplomatic recognition in 1948. since that time the united state ha supplied israel with arm and trade and attempted to broker peace settlement between israel and arab states."
"not really... i am not really sure why... i feel very empty all the time.. a though there is something better, bigger waiting for me... and until i find it i wont be truly happy!!! and i have no idea what it is...."
you don't need to say anything. just go and see if they want to talk. just listen.
life is fulfilling and wonderful. it ha ups and down and that is how it is designed to be. may the lord add a blessing to our life and may we accept every test and trial with the faith that we will come through it ashe ha planned.
"whatever anybody would want to pay me for my mere existence...i would donate that to my favorite charity..... the national center for missing and exploited children"". so you see, i am worth a whole lot of money....they need a lot of help."
the flake are larger and block the raisin from collecting on the bottom. also packed tight so can't navigate around flakes. flake are also rough edged and hold raisin in place. think of the game paper rock scissors.. paper cover rock.
"it's fine... she's over-age... you have accomplished what i too wish to accomplish one day... right on, man... right on"
"ummm, i dont think it would be a good thing to drink spoiled milk nomatter how clumpy it is. but hey if u like it, i cant stop u rite?"
"i'm not telling you. if you are drunk, you won't remember anyway."
"this is not a nice answer but it is the truth a i know it from my own exprnce with living in diff areas.. . black female bounce off each other easier because black men sleep around more thus the female are more wheary of what is happening with their guy and who he is sleeping with and who they should be jealous of, who they ought to be, or could be, or would be etc.. . but in the end, guy get to sleep around because silly girl let them. so no finger should be pointed at the men only."
"naw dude, rocky road is way too predictable for a life comparison. that ice cream would have some weird, unexpected shit in it like bat guano and gorilla afterbirth, probably some shard of glass too. but also some really good stuff, like reese's peanut butter cup and goat cheese. it would be effin weird."
"the ethical part of self veered towards the doctrine of morals, i think!?"
"very easy.. if your painting cannot be deciphered by many, and only a very few can see a beer can in it..you have won a million a bounty. that's modern art.. do you have one,,run to the auction hall in trafalgar square."
"it natural. something about the strong emotion from the song/phrase activates the same part of your brain that get activated when a starving person get food, or your fight or flight instict kick in or when you get ahem... excited."
"some time feel that am answering for people who are searching for christ, somebody that could just reading the answers. yes a lot of the time the people that are asking have no care for the answer giving. also you know that god ha the power to turn water into wine meaning he can take something everyday and turn it into something great."
"because like a lot of christians, it's hard for them to grasp the concept of 'other religions'. god forbid they be wrong. the fact that pagan religion are over 5000 year old and have over 2000 religion seems difficult for some to understand."
"there is no passenger tarin service on amtrak to la vegas. the closest stop is in barstow, calif. you could take the train from sacramento to la and then take another to barstow and then take the amtrak connector bus service to vegas. it may be cheaper and is definately faster to fly direct."
if you eat lot then do more excercise. im the same
"my view is that we need to get away from individualism and the emphasis on possessions, achievement, money success and so on and start to see ourselves a fellow humans, all in this together. that seems unlikely given the current state of 'politics' and thinking in term of world power 'league tables'.. . perhaps when the world wake up to something like climate change and it effect or the consequence of a pandemic, we will realise that we're all facing extinction and work together more... it seems to me only something like that, on the scale of a global disaster affecting everyone, will take the focus off our differences."
"a long time ago, the swiss army were the premiere fighting force in europe...but they didn't have any real enemies, so they started hiring their army out a mercenaries. the swiss guard wa (and is) the most elite force among those mercenaries. since 1859 (i think), the swiss no longer hire out their soldier to anyone except the vatican."
"who would want to work in that store anyway, oh, wait a wack as person. i think the cloth suck, and ha no style whatsoever."
"there will be a crack of thunder overhead and suddenly the world will be bathed in sunlight. magically leonardo d'vinci, george washington and gandhi will appear before you. they will each shake your hand and then place a sash around your shoulders. you will look down at the sash, written across it will be the word ""i spend way too much time on the internet""."
"because a bunch of scholar century ago said ""we like these gospels. the rest suck."" and not enough people know otherwise to question that decision."
the brain perceives what is real through the eye of the beholder. the eye can by tricked there fore the brain and mind can be tricked. but if everything we experience is an illusion or manifestation then you and i are merely illusion and manifestation a well.
"for the procreation of our species. evolution decided that above certain organism it wa not possible for asexual reproduction, so decided it would be split, hence male organism were born. all human start off a female and mutate into male if the y chromosome is chosen in cell division."
"you could just seal the original copy in an envelope and send them to yourself in the mail and not open them. this is the easiest and cheapest way. that way they have an official date right on the postage marker. my english teacher told me about it, apparently it would hold in court if need be."
"comic character don't age because their fan like them just like they are such a the simpson's...the show would be destroyed if maggie didn't stay a baby with her pacifier. bart and lisa didn't stay in the same grade, marge didn't wear that same green dress and huge blue hair, and then homer not working at the nuclear plant and stopping at moe's bar all the time! the writer's found a winner, and aren't about to fix something that's not broke."
"that's easy, if you look at the etymology. it come from two greek roots: mise (my'-sei), meaning hatred, and gyni (jy'-nee), meaning exactly what it sound like (actually the word vagina ha nothing to do with this root, it's just a funny coincidence). it doesn't necessarily mean hatred of individual women, although jack the ripper could definitely be called a misogynist. mostly it mean abuse and misuse of woman categorically, the way western civilization ha done for the past couple thousand years."
"oh, i know this one ... the spelling is different!!"
"get broader, pal, any single moment dy becoming a past right away and a past is dead, unless we resurrecting zombies.that is what human basically busy with....moment dy so we are, new moment born so we are. we are very close now to the subject of immortality which we screw up from the beginning of time and continue to do so..."
because you didn't come from a poo flinging monkey!. . how depressing it must be to look at an ape and think; grandpa.
my grandad died at the age 101. not so young.
"agnosticism is the philosophical view that the truth value of certain claims—particularly theological claim regarding the existence of god, gods, or deities—are unknown, inherently unknowable, or incoherent, and therefore, (some agnostic may go a far to say) irrelevant to life. the term and the related agnostic were coined by thomas henry huxley in 1869, and are also used to describe those who are unconvinced or noncommittal about the existence of deity a well a other matter of religion. the word agnostic come from the greek a (without) and gnosis (knowledge). agnosticism is not to be confused with a view specifically opposing the doctrine of gnosis and gnosticism—these are religious concept that are not generally related to agnosticism."
use vodka instead of the cold water. try the cranberry jello with citrus vodka. yum! cosmo jello shots!
because everyone's a hypocrite! so their creation obviously will contain contradictions.
it mean you are yelling. that is how you yell on the computer.
he made his living the same way he spread islam. he raised a private army and took what he wanted and anybody who refused to convert to islam wa killed.
i hate him alot 2 becuz he go and read wut ppl write n talk about and that go against the declaration or w/e. bush p.i.s.s.e.s me off and he wa only elected becuz his dad wa a good prez(from wut i heard) but i cant stand bush....we shouldnt be in war and he make no sense....him being prez is b.u.l.l.s.h.i.t
"that's because of the way wheat is structured, it ha a tendency to hold onto mold spore easier than processed white flower. mold spore are microscopic in size, and are normally all around u in the air. depending on which area of the country you live, some area have a higher concentration of air born spores. freezing the bread until your ready to use it will stop this from happening too soon."
a brown banana is past ripe.a ripe one is yellow. the brown come from the concentration of the sugars.
it cuz most asian come from a poor background so their goal in life is pretty much to make a lot of money. they have the drive to do this and there u have it. rich asians...
"i crossed from england to new york last june and it wa still more than a bit chilly. it wa the wind that wa cold, very icey."
christian have the cross because jesus died on the cross. and the star of david is for the jewish people.
"sex is a nebulous term and until it's officially clarified by er, whoever clarifies stuff like that, it up to each and every person to clarify the term for themselves.. . personally i consider any physical intimate contact that involves the genitals to be sex, including blowjobs, handjobs and actual penetration."
"very cool that she's related! you would be second cousins, and your father would be cousins.. . it's all explained in the site below. =)"
"an ellipsis is three dot in a row, used to end a sentence a if it were trailing off. if i survive the night... three asterixes in a row between paragraph is used a a break, to switch from one scene to the next. i use them quite often."
"white clothes always project a sense of purity, cleanliness. it's only natural that chef and doctor would want to wear white for the sake of their customers."
"instead of saying to yourself 'i will not cry..i will not cry...',. say just the opposite over and over, i will cry, i will cry.. work every time. i read about this in a self help book quite a few year ago. hope it helps!"
"hey elson,. . you can find what you are looking for by surfing the following search url with many sites."
probabaly most common - is to make seafood sauce.. . love it for making bbq sauces.
"honey i dont think he's dead yet.. first of all , there are still some of his work published.. second, there is no information about his death. so that only lead u to the conclusion that he's still alive."
"i'm sorry ...what kind of a question is this.....how did the state help oppress the muslims......you are kidding....right?!. it scare me what i read on here sometimes.........that's a loaded question and is inappropriate. you belong to the ""i hate the u club"" ? im assuming."
"firstly, you tidy your stories, make sure there are no serious typos, copy it onto good quality paper, then you write to publisher asking them would they be interested in reading your work (describe them a humorous) don't just send them anywhere, you could lose your work that way. then wait for reply's. you may get lucky first time and a publisher will buy your stories. good luck."
"h e had to get in adis(underworld) to ask the spirit of thiresias the way he should follow to get back in ithaki (his home-island).thiresias wa dead several year before,the second ghost he met wa his mother´s(he did not know she died) and the third one wa a man of his crue who wa killed by a mythical monster!. i hope those information will help u. take care!"
you take the west shore expressway south. it lead right to the obc.
"the reason is because muslim are required to ""clean"" themselves with water after they are done going to the washroom. do you get my drift? and thank you for being so respectful with your question."
"major police drive all over the country taking out dealers... also increased security at air & sea port because of terrorism make it very difficult for anything to be smuggled in - bomb dog sniff out drug too, and random bag search have increased a hundredfold.. . fresh weed is hard to come by too at the moment but there are bit of homegrown around. the shortage is worse for resin because it ha to be manufactured, making it unlikely that anyone will do this if they just grow a few plants.. . my 'friends who smoke it' are having trouble too..."
"for the most part, lavey satanism is a parody religion. it aim is to be totally counter and opposite to christianity"
"it mean have a plan for your future. don't let others dictate your future. the counter to this would be those who are free-spirited and believe that the best thing to do is take whatever live throw at you and do your best.... ""if someone give you apples, make apple pie""."
"good answer given by "" priya "". it is the reality of today and nobody can denayed it.. good day - jindajind !"
"it mean pond, although it can have different meaning depending on context. for example:. atchi e ike! = give it back!"
"it is an old temple once burned down by one of the monk living there. it beauty is astonishing, the way it is decorated with gold, that is why it is called kinkakuji, kin meaning gold. it is on the list of unesco's cultural heritage,too."
"the policy wa fine, only we didn't follow it. we declared war on britain mainly over the impressemt of american into the british naval fleet, among other very minor things. also britain wa busy with napoleon...we figured it wa an opportune time to start some trouble."
street gangs.. i think it because they had hellish childhood and lot of anger they are taking out on society.
"it's my understanding that any city whether it be american, mexican or canadian that is within the proximity of any border, will carry all type of currency depending on the neighbor...ex: tijuana carry both american and mexican currency. also an example would be the canadian border such a toronto or vancouver or victoria, all of these city carry canadian and american currency. hope this info helped..."
"it mean alternate current/direct current for form of electrical input and output. ac/dc also is slang for bi-sexual orientation in people, having the desire and capacity to go either way with sexual partners."
no. it wont work. there is a reason why pie tin are shallow and cake pan are not.
"haemophilia or hemophilia is the name of any of several hereditary genetic illness that impair the body's ability to control bleeding. genetic deficiency (or, very rarely, an autoimmune disorder) cause lowered plasma clotting factor activity so a to compromise blood-clotting; when a blood vessel is injured, a scab will not form and the vessel can continue to bleed excessively for a very long period of time. the bleeding can be external, if the skin is broken by a scrape, cut or abrasion, or it can be internal, into muscles, joint or hollow organs. it might therefore present visibly a skin bruises, or subtly a melena, hematuria, or bleeding in the brain-."
"i want my kid to be happy and at peace a we celebrate the birth of jesus christ. i pray that the road ahead will be much better than the one we're leaving behind, in every way possible.. . i just want god's best for my family."
education is seen a human capital. education can also be a a signal in case of adverse selection in recruitment.
"a much a i am a total commie - i feel you must have a list of achievements, and by achieving thing you can be poor and happy.... . i'm poor a hell, but play guitar at a faily advanced level etc"
"it doesn't go flat when you add ice, it just get watered down. a soon a you open a coke, or any other soft drink, it will start to go flat."
"asm - assistant stage manager. help with the backstage work in a theatre. . understudy - learns another actor role, and then is able to play that role on stage if the original actor cannot appear on the night."
"money can certainly help, it make life much easier if you can pay your bill and not wonder where your next meal is coming from. i think people with lot of money that are unhappy would have been unhappy anyway, regardless of money you need to feel fulfilled, in your work in your relationships. if you have money you are more likely to question people motif and hence become reclusive and alone...if i had a lot of money i would volunteer for charities, meal on wheel and the like to remind me daily how lucky i wa to have what i did. happiness come from within but it what we put out that is reflected and ha people make judgment about us."
"you should try to use the anime studio pro by efrontier.. . it is a bit of an easy program to learn, and it export in many formats.. . you can also do thing in after effect or inside combustion."
"dont know. but, kamal hasan or sridevi can explain"
"enjoy the prescene of each other, and more importantly, the prescence of god forever! also, many thing we cannot even imagine."
stop now !!!!!!. . don't give the nutter any more reason to kill kids.
"because human being are greedy, selfish creatures. always have been, always will be."
"well, first you take the db from tübingen to stuttgart. there are several daily nonstop train that travel this route. after that, there is one daily nonstop train to take you from stuttgart to dornbirn, which ha a bus to take you directly to au schoppernau. that train leaf stuttgart at 12:57 every day."
"any root vegetables, of which carrot are, should be stored in a cool, dry, well ventilated area. actually, the best way is in a cloth bag in the vegetable crisper of your fridge (this is the next best thing to storing them in a root celar, which not too many of u have now a days).. a for when can you eat them, if they are moldy i wouldn't suggest eating them. also, don't eat them if the eye (yes, same a on potatoes) have started to take root.. other then this, enjoy!"
same a any friendship...no expectations! take everything a it come :)
"unfortunately in this life there aren't too many people you can call ""real friends"". i can think of 2 that have stayed by me no matter what and i consider them ""keepers"". you know when you have people like that who aren't shallow. they'll be there whenever you need them."
you can go to the standesamt erfurt directly or you also can print out your the order form oneline under: htpp:wwwerfurt.de. then fill it out and mail it there.
"she would be black the black gene is more dominant.... i am currently pregnant with a mixed baby (black&#92;white)... my spouse and i have discussed this several times.. . . sorry to say but society doe not see her a a ""mixed"" girl they see her a a black girl."
"when mormon go to the temple the first time they start wearing ""garment"", or what you call ""mormon underwear"". the garment is symbolic, but is also a reminder of promise made between the individual and god, sort of like certain jewish people where a tefillin (wraps and a box on their arms) to remind them of prayer and god."
"drink lot of water before bed. when i drink i usually get smoshed and then i come home and have like 4 bottle of water, the next moring im fine, the reason this is, is because your body get de hydrated from the alcoholi dont know why it jsut doe so drinking water replaces the alcohol and your fine"
do you have an agent? your agent should know what publishing house your book will ‘fit’ at (because that's their job) and submit it accordingly.
"it mostly the younger people who carry knives,. whether it bad perenting,lack of respect or the dog eat dog attitude something ha to change.. . personally at 16 i would bring back national service and teach these kid manners,respect and some self worth. a kick up ar se never hurt anyone this is what they need."
"truth will be made (found) in charity.. . nothing about pickle or pizza anywhere in that, babe."
basic fairness to all. it is suffering and declining
"because they have none. matter of fact i am not sure they are even considered full citizen even though they live there. i am sure if they tired marching in the street there, they would find themselves in grave mortal danger."
a loving act between two people that confirms their emotional tie by having a physical side. unless they are not in love and it's just a one night stand and that is just getting your kicks.
"hacer patria, mean something that you have to do for your place of living, like your country.. an example is like, here in chihuahua the people don´t like chilangos (guys from mexico city) and there a well known phrase that says: "" haz patria matando un chilango"", that means: kill a chilango and make something patriotic.. hope u understand me.. suerte hermano!!"
"because in order to go thru a mormon temple, you have to have a temple recommend and in order to get one, you have to be an active member of the church, pay a full tithing , and live the word of wisdom and not break the 10 commandments. . i am mormon and a yet, i am not worthy to go thru the temple."
"yes, more ice and land during those time 30,000 year ago between siberia and alaska. if you see old picture of true natives, from alaska to the tip of south america, they have very asian features, just darker skin. when the spaniard came, they came with black slave so the 3 different culture intermixed."
i strongly suspect that's because you don't have a job to go to in the morning. get one and you will sleep like an angel!
well you said it mate! you tell me! your the first man to admit it though so good for you well done!
they all could be livers. i have had a many a five in my turkey 'bag'.
"spain ha beautiful beaches, and the med. sea isn't too cold to swim in in summer. to reason i went back to spain wa also that it wa cheaper than going to france or italy."
"you're right.. they're all the same person anyway, by all different name - kkk, pinkwhatever, misshaven, olga - all one very sick person."
"orpheus and eurydice is my fav. he love her but she get bitten by a snake and dies. he go down into hades to get her back. he play music so beautifully he is allowed to go where no one has, get her back, she follows him out, but he is not to look back for her until they are out of hades - he does, she's gone forever, the end"
"warning: your house could be haunted by evil spirit and demonic force such a poltergeist. if you start seeing image of kurt cobain , jimi hendrix , or bob marley leave quick.. for kurt cobain carry a shot gun with him .. jimi hendrix carry an axe guitar. and bob marley will set in the corner and say "" hey you got any ganja man"""
ex: your parent 1st cousin are your first cousin 1 removed. your grandparent 1st cousin are your first cousin twice removed and so on.
i roast the turkey upside down; the juice fall into the white and doesn't dry out ;you lose the crispy skin on top but most people don't eat that anyway and you can enjoy the turkey b/c it is juicy that it doesn't need gravy. happy thanksgiving
"there are 5 ticket counter that start issuing ticket from morning 9 to night 10, the . advance booking of the ticket is really nice, we may take a ticket for any show for the next 3 days, which make it very good if there is a new movie and you have the fear of missing out, there are never huge cues, the ticket are given very quickly. it good to see that they use lcd for monitoring the availability of tickets.. . note: if you are planning to watch a movie at satyam, and are used to buying the highest priced ticket available, dont go in odd number like 1,3,5 etc, cause the seat are 2 seaters like sofa and the issuer doesnt give tickets."
"i hold ""love"" sacred. even though i am usually grumpy i think that this quality is the real root of spirituality and when i have a chance to encounter it or practice it i feel that i am connecting with what is truly sacred. i am not talking about romantic love but something deeper and le conditional, such a charitable love or forgiveness."
it mean all the best. meaning all the best to you. your obviously not scottish
the first thanksgiving wa the colonist sharing the bounty of their first successful harvest with the native people who helped them to initially survive.. the idea now is to be thankful for the good thing we enjoy in our life like family and friends.
"the hell angel is a motorcycle club formed in 1948 in fontana, california, where the local chapter remains active. a successor to the late-1940s club, the club take it name from the movie hell's angels, directed by howard hughes. it is estimated to have 2,500 member in 227 chapters, located in 30 country"
"you could use any polished glass surface if you really wanted. coke is expensive, and when you dont have the dough to waste any, a mirror is the most economical way to go."
"anne rice lived in new orleans. all author know it best to write about what you know, and she know new orleans."
the quran's repetitive recital is done to hammer illogical conviction into the conscience of their faith's followers.. . paganism is much more nature based like in india where all the element of nature and element of human nature are personified and elevated to god status and then chanted to.
i saw a documentary about people who study language and their similarities. they conclude that there had to be a mother language. all evolved from that. but whatever it wa it is lost forever.
i could say the same thing to you. why are you so ignorant? have u not thought of who created you and those before you?
"don't know how! sorry ( i'm in france, can't help you to find something) maybe, they commit suicide in the school, or died there, so the people who refuse to talking to you about the reason they died are not ok to talk.. it's a secret i think, and wa a big tragedy they try to forget."
"i for one don't take insult, but i think i may be able to explain this to you.. . by applying the term ""evolutionist"", it doesn't neccessarily come across a ""people who believe that evolution occured"", rather it make it sound like a religion unto itself, and it not. there are people of all stripes, whether they be christian, jew, or atheist who accept evolution, whereas all ""creationists"" believe in a higher power who willed it all into being."
they try to exploit your frustration and sell their products. a frustrated mind will not be in a position to sift the grain.
"cut them in chunks, place on a cookie sheet w/ some salt and oil. that's the easiest way."
"of coz brian is important coz no matter who u r and no matter how rich u r, if u dont have good brain and dummy, no one will respect u. brain also center of our body. the brain control all thing in our body. if u get stroke, and ur brain damage it hard for u to become normal person anymore."
"simple enough..just call the financial institution's phone, and report them! good luck"
philosophy is the study of_______.(anything).while psychology is the study of human behavior.
who told you there are four fundamental law of logic? i presume you didn't find it in a logic textbook.
"these window are not a low a they appear. and unless they area left open on a dowmpour, the entire area are sealed to prevent water penetration. the foundation of a building is often waterproofed with asphalt, similar to the roofing material, to protect it from humidity. otherwise, our house would rot within a couple of years."
"tacos, i would never go jail but if i had to then defiantly tacos. you can make them a hundred ways, pizza would just get boring and all that cheese would kill me before the lethal injection would."
"i agree- doesn't matter if you're black, white, asian whatever. racist behaviour is wrong when it is aimed at other people based on their ethnicity and should therefore not be condoned. it not just black and asian victim who have a rough time experiencing it themselves, a white can be victim of racism too"
i suggest you make the round of publishers. gone with the wind went through 40 publisher before they took her. keep trying.
"a i see it, he is a tragic hero because he life his life for daisy, but he go to far. he never wanted anything other than daisy and that wa his downfall(not saying he got shot because he loved daisy, which he sort of did, but his down fall of not getting daisy even if he had been alive)"
"""paganism"" in this sense refers to a range of spiritual path which are earth centered -- involving their member living in harmony with the earth and observing it cycles. these are often neopagan religion based on the deities, symbols, practices, seasonal day of celebration and other surviving component of ancient religions, which had been long suppressed."
this is from a substitution chart.. . 1 cup self rising = similar grade flour plus 1 1/2 teaspoon baking powder plus 1/4 teaspoon salt. . i would reverse it by leaving out all the baking powder and salt.
"i just want to know why this question is in this category? and i am sure glue doesn't stick to the inside of the bottle, if the lid is on tight, because air is kept out and it keep it from drying. i could be wrong but i don't think i am. who really care anyway?"
a miracle is something that happens when god intervenes in the time-space continuum and defies natural law and principle to bring about an occurrence unaccounted for in those law and principles. a regular person cannot perform a miracle because a person is bound by the law and principle of the time-space continuum.
1. by asking them and deciding they are trustworthy.. 2. by asking them and then checking with the college they said they graduated from.. 3. no other way except by verbally testing them in such a way that they don't know they're being tested.
i noticed that-i think they have it a part of the uk one. get with the time yahoo people! there's load of proud irish people on here :d
"mormonism is the new deal, in case they haven't heard. and i hear g-d is currently cooking up an even newer and more improved testament that's due to be released sometime in the near future. bring some popcorn cuz it gonna be a good one."
"sometimes when you are cooking several thing for one meal, you put one pot on the back burner of the stove to let it stay warm, while you finish cooking the other things. the idiom means, let stop working on this project for now, and finish our other projects."
"participating in yahoo answer ha helped me to develop a thicker skin and realize that i can be very good when interacting with other people. after noticing that i'm doing good with people here, i am able to be more confident when i interact with others in real life. it also feel good to be able to share my thought and to learn at the same time."
"you can ask taiwan economic and development board representative office in your country about the requirements. passport, photograph (passport size), the application form, return ticket with the date stated (or confirmation ticket) are needed.. . if you submit today morning, you can get it back tomorrow afternoon. ask for clarify."
noodle are pasta pasta are noodles. spaghetti is just one of many types.
without liquid:. if it got clumpy from humidity or just standing around to long.... large quantity you could pulse it in a food processor.. smaller amount just press the clump manually through a metal kitchen sieve.
it is not a demonic holiday at all... it is the pagan equivelant of all saint day (nov 1). it wa a holiday to honor relative that have passed on.
"jesus understands why we're wearing the crosses. he know everything. when he comes, he'll take all of his believer up to heaven with him and those left on earth...i pity them."
"they were the law of the roman republic, drawn up by 10 consuls, and they defined subsequent life in the roman empire - which stretched, at it biggest, from asia to ireland, and south into africa. they therefore became the basis of western european law, and what can be called the patriarchy and nuclear family, a they invested huge amount of power in the man who headed a family. they also established the importance of written legal constitutions, a opposed to a judge or jury's interpretation of a single case based on it own merits."
"st. raphael is not a saint. raphael is an archangel, one of the sever archangel of god."
"i believe in satan, but i certainly don't worship him. i think that it's a personal choice."
maybe they are intrigued by you. but in any case it is totaly disrespectful and people in general should know better.
"i've just asked my nigerian friend and he say it is a family name, related to tribal name.. . (like the name jones or smith or doesn't really mean anything)"
"tell your parent when they are both home.. .tell them when they are not busy. once you start keep on going with it no matter what they so or how they react while telling them.. be understandable with their feelings..... . . ,"
matte is somewhat texturized with no visable sheen. semi glass is smooth with a moderate amount of sheen. i prefer matte. it look a lot classier.
it just rise and cause the can to kind of pop open. the soda will spill out and freeze..it can also pop really hard and splatter all over the freezer
"i think they are allowed to drink in pubs...unless the bar man decides the person ha had enough and it would be incompetent of him to serve any more alcohol.. . a for the smoking....its considered to be anti-social to some people and being a carcinogenic and passive smoking proven, why should the health of a non smoker be put at risk because of someone selfishness to polute their body?. if it wa only their body they were poluting then fine...but a it's not.....it's banned in enclosed spaces."
"lol !!! now thats something different to discuss. btw the question should be like why non-muslims are attracted toward islam.and the reason is that it ""most logical an authentic religion""..... . muslim are never frightened to allow other religion to exist....all muslim countires do have non-mislims a minority and they are best treated in their countires and are never forced to accept islam ... islam ha all courage to face other religion and can answer them with logics...because it not fake.. according to one publication only in america round about 20,000 people are converting to islam per year and ofcourc they are not forced to enter in islam..its the beauty of islam which attracts them..."
"i have also heard it wa the body way of protecting itself. think about where many people are ticklish: their sides, neck, and armpits. those are all squishy place which don't offer much protection but have a lot to protect. i'm sure a few people are ticklish on their rib but that might have more to do with the bone being so close to the skin so the nerve are kind of sensetive."
agnostic mean you're not sure if there is a god or not . . .. . atheist is when you believe there is no god
pollyanna is a holiday gift exchange similar to a secret santa. the term is used in philadelphia and the surrounding county of pennsylvania.
"although i don't consider my self elderly, some do. i am not grouchy and bitchy, i am joyful and thankful and give thanks daily!. . what you call argumentative may be because someone want to impart the benefit of their experience."
blind people need some kind of independance. so why not drive them to a atm and allow them to be able to do something for themselves. at least we are not just making them feel like they don't have to totally depend on people for everything. it is a shock to become blind after year or month of being able to see.
"it's a name if iam not mistaken,maybe he think's thats your name. or it's his name:-)"
"nothing. you're supposed to be able to drink it for up to 10 day past the expiration date.... i don't, but a day or two past certianly won't kill you."
"""pinko"" mean communist.. ""bleeding heart"" mean that the person feel bad about something and ha compassion.. . i don't really see compassion a a negative, by the way, but this phrase is always used a a negative."
revelations. i can't read it. i read it one time and my mind went crazy for day after.
"blue is calming. yellow, green, and red entice hunger. and white say that you couldn't come up with an actual color."
"no thanksgiving at all in my country, in spite of we are christians. that is an use from anglosaxons countries."
"if you don't know, put the tattoo gun down and walk away! eeee, that sound scary!"
"think laterally about everything around you. flip a situation on it head and look for the irony within it; and observe life with the precision of a poet, familiarity of the man next door, and razor sharp wit of the empassioned."
"kris kringle is another variation of santa claus's name.. . it is - also - another name for secret santa.. . if you dont know what secret santa is, you pull out name from a box/hat and you secretly send gift to that person each week according to the theme and range of price (like something soft that cost $5-$10) - usually last until the christmas party and you reveal yourself to your secret santa"
we should have wait for it a long ! at least u could not be able to see india becoming a superpower in your life tennure?
"salad of all sort is always nutritious.the dressing we put on the salad, there's where the problem come in. keep it light and simple.lemon and oil make a great dressing and there are so many ""light"" dressing on the market and ""spritzers""."
"dude shoot the presedent thats what hinkly did to get his famous lover jodi foster to love him, a for the letter there probly fake cause there typed. also you should try killing jay-z, you know some shake spear crap."
"it applies to all human run government which are symbolized by the ""wild beast"" in the book of revelation.( revelation 13:16-18) just a six fails to measure up to seven (the #7 meaning completeness from god's viewpoint), the #666 is a fitting name for the world's gigantic political system that fails so miserably to measure up to god's standard of perfection.the world's political wild beast rule supreme under the name-number 666, while politics, false religion, big business keep the wild beast functioning a an oppressor of mankind and a persecutor of god's people."
"add a tb salt to water & eggs, bring 2 a boil, once water is a rolling boil start the timer for exactly 15 minutes. do not drain water simply place the pot under the faucet of warm water and let it run, this will slowly cool the eggs. once the temp is tolerable, peel the eggs."
"for most people it is hot. i have a high tolerance for hot food and i love it. beyond hot, it is also very tasty. if you are cooking you can control the heat a little by adding le hot pepper, but the flavor will draw you back."
"yes, it is pronounced ""toom"" - the ""b"" is silent and the ""o"" is long. it's kind of along the same line that we pronounce through ""thru"" and the ""ough"" sound silent..."
"there is no such thing a ""death""!. just because your 'consciousness' change location (leaves the 3d world) doe not mean it dies."
"personally, i think it's because most people are thinking with the wrong ""head"". there's too much emphasis on sex these days, not enough on the important things. i know what you mean though, i haven't found anyone myself that doesn't run at the mere idea of a commitment of any sort."
"i always microwave the mushroom for a couple minute in a covered bowl, either alone or with a tbsp of butter, but if you're against microwave, just cook them in a frying pan for a couple minutes. you still get great flavor because the mushroom are fresh but they lose the extra water when you microwave them."
"your brain tends to overthink things. when it's simple, the brain obfuscates itself to the point where it becomes a big gigantic circle. it just never ends... until someone finally point out the correct answer, which turn out to be easy. then, you just feel stupid."
"the stream is a metaphor for life, and the progression of age a sort of literary vehicle, if not metaphor, then allegory, for our ""progress"" toward our goal, which is to return to our origin.. . where did you get this? can you add some of your own thought in the comment section?"
butter or use a vegetable spray inside of the cutter. you can also wet it.
"he prepares for the comming christmas. do you have any idea how many toy he ha to make for each christmas? i did hear that he take a 2 week vacation after each christmas, but that is understandable."
"achilles, also akhilleus or achilleus (ancient greek ἀχιλλεύς) . are the only different spelling of his name , achilles is the greek name .. . he did not have a separate roman name a he wa not adopted by the roman a a god , the roman only renamed the greek god they worshipped."
"in 2003 i dream of jenna wa awarded best all girl sex scene by the avn. it ha jenna jameson, autumn, and nikita denise (she ha over 20 porn award many of them being girl-girl stuff all lipsticks, no butch so i guess it just depends what you like). personally i think anything with jenn ai going to be good :)"
just stay away from shopping tomorrow. and you'll be fine.
we are having family come out from wisconsin that we haven't seen in years! we are going to have a bonfire and roast a pig! isn't that insane?
"i know, my husband did the same! i think the best thing to do is to say to them, ""i appreciate the work that you do, but i have my own religion (even if you don't) and am very happy with my lifestyle."" good luck, but good for you for having respect for other human being and being nice to them!"
sunni believed that the successor to mohommad should be elected and shiite believed that mohommad's blood relative should be in charge. that's the gist of it.
sound like you might be overmixing and getting too much air in the batter. mix only according to package directions.
investor try to predict the future profit of company which depend on the economy and since they have money on the line they do a pretty good job. however this is not the same a determining the health of an economy any more the a weather forecaster determines the weather.
somebody wa looking the star and made it up. . :> peace. .
"simply that baldness is a sign of virility and acne is a sign of worry. there may be other assumed condition that apply, but i see that your looking for the simple answer."
"i do not know if they are the same now, but when i wa in kansa city, kansas. you would buy your own bottle and go into a bar. they would set it on a shelf along with others. you would then order your mix and they would pour the drink for you.this wa in the 1960's"
"it depends on what water you use. either tap, bottled or other kid of water.it also depends on the soda you use. you can use pepsi, sprite, fanta you name it. it all depends on what you use, so all i have to say is you will get nasty tasting soda."
"you prepare any fowl for food in basically the same way. we always tied twine around the bird's neck, laid him over a chopping block, pulled the neck and chopped the head off. the next step is to let it bleed out on the ground for a few minutes. then dip (holding by the feet) into a large bucket of scalding water, up and down until you can easily pluck the feather off."
"i haven't heard that one yet... i'd guess either female to male crossdresser (as opposed to transexual) like the other person said, or maybe female to gendernonspecified (ie. someone who's rejecting the binary gender concept entirely, and not trying to be either male or female.)"
"god love all. people who wrote the bible, the koran etc. disliked woman and homosexuals. btw google this ""bible sex"" these people had fun too lol"
"it's brescian for ""castanet"".. (percussion instrument consisting of a pair of concave piece of wood held in the palm of the hand and clicked together, usually to accompany dancing; particularly to accompany the traditional spanish dance called flamenco.). . brescia is in northern italy, your word ""ciacole"" seems to be in the local dialect spoken there. the ""normal"" italian word for castanet would be ""nacchere""."
"pretty bad, that wa one of the worst hit areas. the industrial canal levee on the lower 9th side broke and a huge barge floated into the streets...a lot of house there simply floated off their foundations. i live in the 6th ward, and we're doing okay now."
"paul and bright say it all, i can add no more!. cj"
"bloody hell you don't want much do you. wall street crash, the majority of the wold economy's effected, germany in deep poo anyway due to war damage repayments, hitler say ""not fair let blane the jews"" peasant say ""this guy know what he is talking about"" q.e.d."
"your experience is your reality. everyone's reality is different, so there isn't really anything you can define a ultimate truth."
it is said to be art because it is one of the performing arts. it is a way of expressing yourself through movement. it is said to be a recreatin because what else club dancing can be - it's fun.
"that is a great example of why the church hold the apostolic succession in such high regard. a a matter of fact...that is testimony to the essential nature of the doctrine.. . scripture, without the light of holy tradition and holy reason, interpreted by itself (sola) is the height of folly.. . the church gave u holy scripture, not the other way around."
people adapt the mannerism of the individual they most admire eventually they merge these together into their own personality.. . life is a larceny my dear and we are all a product of our associations.
when is the last time you heard of a dog killing their puppy because the pup spilled some water? i think they may have it together more than u sometimes.
it an important issue because it promotes the idea that sodomy is not sin. of course the bible is very specific about this particular sin calling it abomination.. i cr 13;8a. 11-19-6
"for the most part i think people think faster than they can type. i'm a perfectionist, so i will read my post over and over until it ""sounds"" legible.. however, keep in mind there are dyslexics, who really can't help it sometimes.. then there are people that are in the 85 - 90 iq range..."
he's like david copperfield. he refuse to tell anyone because it would spoil the illusion. i have to agree with him.
"if you can't get it online call the 1-800 reservation number. tell them your name, day you are flying, where you are flying to/from, flight number. the more if this info you have, the easier it is for them to find you in the system. if they give you a confirmation number write it down!"
"joanam-- my dear, my life. kheli-- very.khoobi -- good, well(you are). azizam-- my dear."
"it wa created by god. it cannot have been happenstance - just one human being or even one animal is too complex to have ""just happened."""
you can only draw on past experience. social change had remained stagnant for centuries. it would be like trying to theorize human with wings. it just wouldn't work.
they are a type of mushroom and they grow in dark and moist climates. not in arizona.
"a caul (latin: caput galeatum, literally, ""head helmet"") is a thin, filmy membrane, the remnant of the amniotic sac, that cover or partly cover the newborn mammal immediately after birth. it is also the membrane enclosing the paunch of mammals, particularly a in pork and mutton butchery. in butchery, the caul is used a offal. a third meaning refers to a type of women's headdress."
"we are not operating in a free enterprise when they can make car and other product in country that dont operate with the same regulation a we do. they pay people a dollar an hour, of course they are going to be able to provide a car with all the bell and whistle at what company here would amount to a loss. if we could pay our employee a dollar an hour then we would be in a free market"
"it's an expression which ha been around for a long time - and i think go back to the day when you had soldier in formal dress uniform (think of pippin fort on camberwick green, or captain sharpe!) - standing proudly in line, all tall and perfectly formed - children- especially boy would play with toy soldiers, and saying that you were dipping your soldier in the egg is a cute way to get your kid to eat up - a bit like ""wooo"" here come the train!"" when trying to feed them porridge......"
"look i totally agree with u that this is so shallow, but u'll find this everywhere in egypt, maybe outside too, so we cant neglect this fact and insist on wearing what we want in interviews.. sometimes you have to do what it take to reach what u want, and if this job is very important to u , u have to accept their rules, however, u shouldnt go to the next interview, not because of their rules, but because of the attitude, u're not a kid at school, she cant treat u le than anybody even if ur wearing slippers, if she is professional she is supposed to treat everybody alike then decide later who to accept.. it seems like she got on ur nerve and (saddet nefsak mel akher) ba bardo u should be prepared to face stuff like that in other places.. this wa only about ur appearance, wait till u see what will happen after ur hired, almost 90% of company here will require u to kiss as** which is so degrading than just commenting on ur clothes.. and once u do something against ur principles, u'll always be like that.. i worked in many place and what i found is that nobody is qualified enough to be a good manager, and in my opinion this is why they concentrate on appearance and shallow stuff, da tab3an gheir el e7das, when a person becomes a manager specially by kosa they like to show off commenting on anything other than ur actual work (cause they dont understand work a should be). dont let this affect u or offend u in anyway, it obvious that u have enough experience to find a better place, a place where they concentrate on hiring professional not airheaded hunks.. and take it from this side, god did that for a purpose, maybe something bad would've happened to u if u were accepted and welcomed now.. i wish u the best of luck no-body, homma el khasraneen;)"
"the defense of the christian faith using logic and reason. most people don't know you can prove the claim of the bible beyond a reasonable doubt. for example, the resurrection of christ is a provable fact of history."
"because it is something we do not fully understand and it is so final, an end to the only life we know.. it can also be a very painful process and we are aware of the devastation it leaf behind"
"probably the most interesting fact about china that i can think of is that they have many thing that the first civilization could of come from there. chinese woman were once required to have their foot bound in a curling pattern at birth to make them look beautiful to men, this wa also a tool to prevent them from running (as is the kimono, a dress that tightly bind the woman leg together so they can only take small steps). china is perhaps the only country with a set of law for the main land and a different set of international law for land owned"
"it's also so you can see outside the window if there is a crash. there might be fire or debris blocking one of the exit and you need to be able to see this before you try to get out through that exit. plus if it is much lighter or darker outside than in the plane, your eye need to adjust before you can see where you are going, and even though it only take a couple of seconds, you might not have much time. having your eye already used to the outside lighting will make getting out in an emergency a little bit faster and in an emergency, even a couple of second make a big difference."
the misloms also say that there is a hoof mark on a rock in jerusalem where mohameds horse kicked off for paradise. that is the extent of their space travel potential.
"lamb chops, load of veg & gravy. it's also supposed to have oyster in it. put all of that in a casserole dish in the oven for about 2 2hours. slice potato and layer them over the top then put it back in the oven for another hour or so until they're cooked."
you most definitely could use this. many people ignored the injustice of segregation and slavery. hurricane katrina could be an example of those in our government who look on and do nothing today.
"only one, the coming of the conquistadors....they brought pestilence and military victory. the tribal member are still around, but the aztec civilization wa no more."
it cause the yeast to deactivate. always use wood or plastic.
.rules and law are made to protect u but each one take a little more freedom. we seem to be pretty limited in a way but we should apreciate what we have.
love. it's free and easy to give. i will give it to everyone this season.
"they're called bindi (or tilaka), and traditionally they weren't jewel but a colored mark. again, traditionally speaking, it's a sign marital status, caste membership or religious affiliation. these days, it could be that or simply a fashion statement."
"i'm sorry that you feel that way.. don't fight back, make friends.. get to know the people that you work with and the people around you.. let them know that you are a person.. . anybody that stand back and is an outsider is suspected."
"set them free, with no skill and no place to go. they had to start from scratch."
because to judge or study a culture we need to know how they view things- a moral or amoral. it also help when we try to explain one culture to another. . by this practice people understand people whom are different better and people don't pas judgement on other culture a fast.
"mostly i like looking for answers. my question seem to get over-analyzed and read into and i'm accused of making a point, being a believer or non-believer of various religions...and sometimes i get an answer.. . i'm here because i think a person's belief are the most interesting thing about them."
it is a conspiracy between the hotdog and bread manufacturers. bread manufacturer secrectly pay a portion of the proceeds on extra bun pack to the hotdog companies.
you are really are bored arent you?! keep random picking q's and it nearly always you :o)
i call myself white cause my skin is white and not caucasian. and caucasian is usually not in the choice when you fill in the bubble!
"possibly a motif? . . but let me add, this sound like a term you hear in school, and no place else in the world of work or life or art."
people who are making biodiesel are paying for it. used to be you had to pay someoe to haul it away
"i've found them very effective a a quick patch for my screen door, fold em up and just add duct tape, work great!. the best use for those pamphlet is to set them out on the curb with the paper recycling so it can generate revenue for your city.. now that's true fellowship when you're helping the community.. i just wonder how jesus feel about the senseless murder of trees."
"corruption - christian sprang up a the religion on o fthe poor, rich people 'sanitized it' to control the poor with thing such a it is easier for a camel to pas through a needle's eye than for the rich to enter the kingdom of god. thereby, ensuring the poor ha some justification or maybe some light at the end of the tunnel of poverty."
because any human can do magic trick and claim they're god. all the atheist i've known look healthy and youthful.
"here , my friend is with me & he tell me tha :. "" rakmu "" : number. "" hind "" : india .. so it could mean : number of india ."
im going with halva for the block of wood. barfi ha silver on top of it.
"i think it's because most people would rather go somewhere they know the food will be good, and they will be served by an amazingly hot young blonde girl. i suppose that would be better than staying at home, risking a burnt turkey, and staring at uncle bob's bloated hairy belly hanging out onto the dinner table the entire night. america doesn't insist that marie callender's be open on thanksgiving, marie callender's insists that they rake in a load of money at the cost of the server missing out on a holiday with their family. greed baby!"
"not sure you perception is accurate.. . people are more inclined to aid people in trouble that are trying to help themselves than they are to help people who demand to be helped, but that is cultural not racial.. . for the hurricane relief in the american south-land last year, $billions were raised across the country, and the government managed to divert almost all the aid into the pocket of two major corporations, even stealing resource that did nt come from taxes.. . considering the people in charge, there may be a lot of racism involved, but it is not from the public."
"a long a india doe not becomes an alley for america war on terrorism and sends her own soldier to get killed in foreign land and fight someone else's hate war, american tv will always show india a ""bad"". . don't you remember the recent past day of ""cold war"" when everything in russia and russian wa bad in american tv and media..and that's how rambo appeared..the all age (bullsh*t)american hero..."
instead of buying store bought stuff---if you don't want to go to the store. try some peroxide...i have learned from my future mother-in-law this will help get out a lot of stains!!!
tea is made of actual tea-leaves like ceylon or earl-grey.. herbal tea isnt really tea at all but a brew of herb such a cammomile. it should really be called herbal brew
"in social science the subject are variable, therefore the outcome ususally cover a range. a repeat test result will be similar but not exactly the same, larger number of test are required for accuracy, but still any single test may be significantly different."
"a tomboy is a girl who like to dress like a boy and not in dresses. she might play basketball, soccer, listen to all kind of music, fight like a boy, and is not intimidated by boys."
"the tradition of the christmas tree can be traced to the 1600's in germany. however, christmas tree were never used in the colonial america and only became popular here in the late 19th century. in britain the english royal family is said to have permanently adopted the custom when prince albert decorated a tree at windsor castle in 1841. german and english tree were always placed on the table top, but when america finally imported the custom, small tree gave way to the floor-to-ceiling variety - a truly american custom."
he thought answer my questions.... questo giorno venderò il mio cuore. (which mean this day will sell my heart)
"butter is made from cream, margarine is hydrogenated vegetable oil. hydrogenation add an extra hydrogen atom to the oil, which cause it to thicken, the process turn it black, it is then bleached to be white and then colouring is added to it so that it look like butter! this procedure is obviously unhealthy, there are certain brand of margarine that are unhydrogenated, that for year we thought were better for you then butter or hydrogenated oils, however it turn out that the process that solidifies the oil is actually worse for you then the hydrogenation process. hope this answer your question!"
"choose your music, let it move you. it will, i promise."
"nader seems to be from egypt and he want to send free text message to his friends' cellular phones.. what he want to know is the name of some site which offer this service.. my advice to you is wait. there are very good people here who would actually help you out.they would tell you the url of the site and how to use it.. i used to do that in the old day nader, i am too lazy to search for the site now, . but i helped you by explaining to the others what you meant in your question.. you should give me 5 point for half-best answer"
"because they're strippers, not hookers. i know we want to think they're the same, but try a you might no matter how much money you give almost any stripper, they're not going to have sex with you. either get a girl friend or go right outside the club and i'm sure you'll find a hooker waiting, usually for a lot le money."
"well i can say this can be simplified into acceptable behaviour and social norm... we must know a an individual we cannot live alone, we all need society and society need you...with existence of individual come society.. so what is social conscience? it is just that you must realise sometimes you have to give away some freedom in order to gain advantage in another form..for instance we are bounded to the law of a country, a a compensation you gain access to public facility and development..social conscience is a point where you must realise your own duty to the society.. you are to release some of your freedom for better good of everyone"
"well, john locke the philosopher also thought man wa naturally good. so the character locke and alot of faith in the good of people, like his father for one."
"there were a number of reason for the christian persecution by the romans, too many to list, see the link below. . romulus and his brother remus according to legend were born of a priestess named rhea silvia and the god mar"
"xbox 260, wii, playstation 3, nintendo d.s, there are thousand of possibilities! go to target and click gift-finder, that should get you some good ideas."
"he take no one. he doesn't care, just leaf u to chance until we all eventually die and he stay all alone in the universe"
"on an online rhyming dictionary, the only return are ""calve"", ""halve"", ""have"", and ""nav"". doesn't sound like a whole lot of choice for you, but i guess it depends on your creativity. usually unscramble.net ha really good return on words, generally from 1 syllable to 3, so if you need any other rhyming word for the rest of your poem, be sure to check it out. i hope it helps~"
"well, history verifies my theology, (christianity), so i'm not sure how to respond. one support the other in my case.. edit:. history is his story"
"luton to king cross via thameslink or st pancras. then tube train to victoria. victoria to maidstone east. taxi from the station to vinters park, alternative thameslink to london bridge and pick up train to maidstone east, but train are not so frequent."
music always get me in a pumped mode! try some up beat music that make you want to get up and dance!
"the skin form in that configuration to allow for the greatest strength needed to maintain stability on the stem while it ripens. if the skin assumed the same shape a the flesh there would be much greater exposure to the elements, which in turn increase it's risk of infestations, wind damage etc."
"it encourages social interaction with other young people (and adults), and give them goal and project to work toward. it foster a sense of belonging, and a sense of purpose."
"gcc resident are entilted to a on-arrival visa if he/se is from one of the country that are permitted for an airport on-arrival visa, or from other country having the profession of businessman, company, managers, their representateves, accountants, auditors, doctor and engineers.. . everybody else should obtain a visa through a sponser (national or resident) or tour operator (hotel, airline).. . if you fall in the a.m. category, you don't have to apply for a visa."
"custom frameshops order the molding by the foot and cut it to size themselves. they join the four mitered (ends cut at an angle) piece together; add the canvas (or glass and a board mounted picture) and paste paper over the back of the frame. hanging hardware is then added.. . if you really want to get into detail on doing it yourself, here is a website that give tutorials."
empathy. you feel badly for them. you must be a very caring person !
"he learned it from his father. the only thing that could change this is where he wa faced with a difficult decision that forced him to take a dominant role.. . but to quote my father, nothing build charactor like picking up rock in a field."
"i don't see how sissy spacek in carrie lived under a curse. linda blair's had a bad movie career (which is why she's trying it on the wb or whatever the channel is now) and haley is in his young, reckless, finishing school mode. i wouldn't call that a curse ... now, you take macualy culkin and the home alone curse of cute kid gone weird, that i'll believe."
"foxed give a good answer here.. . the f & h of the two word flipping heck do alow someone to utter a mild form of f-in hell. a bit like going, ""oh, sugar"" instead o ""oh sh1t"""
"well, dont say you'll not show up in your return flight since most airlines, like pal charge pax for a no show surcharge if you are already hooked up on that flight. and by the way, the reason most probably why the long distance airfare are expensive is because you pay certain percent of international travel tax, local travel tax, fuel surecharge, insurance surcharge, airfare and other miscellaneous fee like terminal fee for the facility use of the aircraft that will be given to the government for maintenance (for example, the naia terminal ii and the bcd airport hee in the phils.)"
if you tell the truth about something and it offends someone it is not your fault. if someone chooses to take offense to the truth they have the problem.
a precious stone that is a form of beryl colored green by chromium. use: gem
"first of all -- why focus on rock star, model, millionaire -- which is a warped point of life -- just look at how these folk live and the low moral they have ... i certainly do not want these a life goal -- and they are not something to aspire to anyway.. . self acceptance come when you look at the skill you have (and have you really explored your interest fully?) and take them to the next level -- gain additional instruction to help you become a better student, better at studying and completing project and tests, and develop step goal -- the little point where you say -- this is my next step in the road to success that i have determined is what i want to do -- so i can achieve this success by: a b c etc."
arthritis medicine. supposed to be good. a real breakthrough.
"the entire mercantilist system depended on colonial empires.. the mother country essentially got all the wealth of the colony in return for social, economic, and political security. without the colonies, the mercantilist system would die because of the fact that the colony were half of the system."
"""practice make perfect...so write it out until your hand go numb..."" the teacher gave him/her a menacing grin.. oooh i'd hate to have this kind of teacher!!! :d"
"actually ""spotted dick"" is more a steamed fruit pudding, made with suet and filled with jam, and served with a custard sauce, here in canada we have a native newfoundland dish similar called ""figgy duff"" made similarly but with molasses, you can make it quite easily with a simple friutcake mix, and some added egg and then rolling some raspberry jam in the middle, steaming it in a roast pan wrapped in foil and a piece of either parachment or saran wrap, and if you not into making custard now most store sell a tinned english style one in the department were they sell puddings.. . and that is the original name, it is from the early 1800's before queen victoria took the throne in 1845."
apply online to company in singapore.. . use web job search engine to find job there ..
"both.. . a technique for those who need guided instruction on how get the end result, which is to find the meditative state.. . meditation is the result in which the mind reach the realm of peace and tranquility."
going homeless w/ a disabled child. got help for my son and wa able to get back on my foot through a great job and huge support group of friends.
it's safe than religion or polltics.. . you can dis the weatherman and no one complains!
"we (catholic church)have a world youth movement it is called net national evangelization team...young people evangelizing the youth...it is having phenomenal success all over the world. at world youth day there were 500,000 youth...and the youth are telling u they want to hear the truth and they want rule and boundary and reason to behave well....they are responding to conservative value and are having a blast doing it."
"young pigeon, i believe. my great-grandmother used to live in a tenement in baltimore (late 60's/early 70's). she would periodically catch the pigeon that came to her window sill and kill 'em, pluck 'em, stuff 'em, and roast 'em. i vaguely recall them being referred to a ""squab."""
"one of the many thing that evolution can explain but creationism can't. . . evolution-wise, it a vestigial organ that is formed because all vertebrate embryo are inherently female, but with a chromosome given at the right developmental stage they become male, but the nipple remains."
"because youre not looking hard enough. if you did, you would find some fascinating things."
that's really disgusting. people like that are truly evil.
"true, penny. we don't live in a natural way nowadays. however, i know people in r&s will hate it because it go against the bible/qu'ran/torah."
"try putting a layer of plastic, like saran wrap directly on the surface of it. this prevents it from getting air. i know this work on pudding. i also think maybe cream of tartar but i'm not sure about it."
"something like ""manliness is the door to respect."". the latin ""virtus"" is in classical latin not the same a ""virtue"", it mean ""male"" virtues, like courage and strength. it is connected to ""vir""=man, and ""honor"" had also a slight shift in meaning since it's been taken over into english."
that would be gorgabulous if we did...!!!!. we rock out loud!
"simply put, the romanticist paintinge were idealized-- everything wa beautiful without flaws. the realist were against this because it did not reflect reality, which is flawed and not always beautiful and perfect. the realist goal wa to depict the world around them, not to revert to ""classical' ideals."
"basically, while uk relies on precedent rather than written a written constitution, the charter, along with the 1982 constitution, created an almost american-style governing document, complete with judicial review of legislation.. . in effect, canadain government took a big step away from the uk foundation of governance and made a foundation similar to the us'."
we turned the clock back last sunday. so we're now in the winter time
"well, it is pronounced: ñ . same in french, cognac it is said: . coñac"
"there;s a lot of history that contributed to the modern-day rule and law that weren't available before the world-changing event happened. if no one knew the history of asia, then we probably would be better off not studying any history at all of this world."
"used to be the day after thanksgiving, these day it getting earlier. so do it when you like and enjoy it."
spagetti wa introduced to italy from china. the chinese had been mking it from rice flower and maize for hundred of year before marco polo introduced it
"i respect elder because they have been through so much in their lifetime that make them respectable. my grandparent are both 86 year old. my grandpa wa in the army during wwii and both lived through the great depression, wwii, vietnam, .... i personally can't imagine how hard it wa for them, and i respect them for all they've done."
"i think it's positively and negatively affecting it. a a positive people are able to share and learn from totally differant perspective they probably wouldn't be exposed to otherwise, but i think a a non-american, it ha a tendancy to americanise people."
"you just haven't found the right recipe yet, no worries. here's one i found:"
"i don't think splenda crystalizes the way sugar does. normal sugar work best, but if you cannot use it try using aspartame or sweet and low.. i know it's bad for you, but so is splenda and unless you eat a lot of candy day after day, it is not going to hurt you."
"hawaii ha excellent athlete thanks to favorable all-weather climate. most of their school play in small, packed gyms. plus, the scenery is likely distracting even to the most disciplined teams. uva, a #1 ranked team, lost to a hawaiian school in 1983."
"gogol did not have any children, so your connection can be only through his relatives, for example his five sister (his only live born brother died young). read his biography, if you can read russian, i provide the link.. . last name of gogol's ancestors: yanovsky (famous polish gentry), shostak, shcherbak, doroshenko, skoropadky"
interesting that you should ask. i wa watching the today show yesterday and they were speaking on how eating turkey release serotonin in the brain that is why so many people get sleepy after eating it.. . hope that helps. now i have to go take a nap.
"i totally believe in a spiritual battle. it a game to the demons, and a race for the angels. i think it is important to cast out the demons, and evil in the name of jesus. it will protect us, because nothing is more powerful than god."
"throughout my lifetime the statue of liberty ha always meant , but of course , welcome to a new land of life, love and liberty a the big lady illuminated the way to a new home for the people of all nations. i look at the old lady now , after everything ha changed and i come to the realization that ""rust never sleeps"""
how about not do it? it's a one way street you sodomite!
"on yahoo, this meaning is the one that applies:. . ""a word, phrase, or expression used invectively a a term of abuse or contempt, to express hostility, etc."""
"the great island of manhattan. about midway through the island if you look on a map, below central park. and a bit above time square."
"well that's an easy question. we're animals. and the sole purpose of animal is to grow. when someone is murdered, the growth is hindered."
"(other than the bible)... because when i look at the universe, i see a creation made by the ultimate supreme being. i also have felt his presence, and have seen his miracles. he is very real to me."
"the same way you'd introduce yourself with girl from your own country: by doing it.. so long a your english is vageuly understandable, they won't run away. even american girl have manner and the only way your english will get better is by using it."
scientist still dont know why exactly we get hiccups. there are theory like they were phased out by evolution and we no longer need them or that they are muscle exercise for when we are fetuses.
"that question is messed up. if i were a liar, which i am, i would tell you on a scale of 1-10, that in regard to how honest i am, i am an 11. that question doesn't work for liars."
"it's clear that you have some remorse or you wouldn't have posted this question.. the answer, is jesus ha promised u that he will forgive u of our sin if we just ask with a humble heart. he didn't specify how large or small your sin could be.. you don't have to go to hell."
"separation of church and state doesn't mean that you can't vote in a church, or a politician can't give a speech there, or you can't pray in school, or you can't vote for a politician because they are a particular religion.. . it just mean that the state can't establish a state religion, and the church can't run the state."
my most memorable wa when i popped in on some family that live at the other end of the state from me. they totally didn't expect me but i had the time of my life. it wa the first christmas i spent with them and my birth mother.
truth is a person - jesus christ - now that is interesting!!!
"it can be mild, or that ice wind from the river will cut you down, it can be damn cold in nov in nyc, when the sun go down, that's when it really get cold, you will need a sport coat and tie, travel light, blue blazer, grey pants, will work fine (tie too). bring comfortable shoe for walking, put your wallet in you front pant pocket, not the ""sucker"" pocket in the back. if someone (stranger) asks you a question, answer it while still walking, i wear mirrored shade (sunglasses), this way i can ""eye-spy"" any problem with out tipping anyone off, stay sharp, stay with people, if you go into a neighborhood that doesn't feel right, go back, stay away from 8th and 11th avenues, have fun !"
"well, you're a better person than me, for all the time i've spent helping people (as a teacher). i tend to ""tune out"" when someone go on too long about their problems, no matter how valid, unless it's my kid.. . i'm not going to the dictionary...but will wing it and say that empathy is the ability to ""feel"" at least some of another's emotion (not always suffering), while compassion is more akin to sympathy: feeling badly for the person, without necessarily knowing what they feel, just sympathy for their circumstances.. . people like you are rare...you should become a counselor...but you'd probably be advised to ""distance"" yourself a bit, or eventually, you could get depressed or inured to your charges' suffering!"
"oh my goddddd... what di u sayyyy..... aaaahhhhhh. who's got one?who's got one?who's got one?. ... :(. soft, mellow sweet melt in your mouth, slowly descending your tongue leaving it filled with sensation and sugary conforting taste, it involves your mind and heart, not to mention tummy, it leaf you with a sensation of fulfilment, only to be ended by the eagerness of more and more, until you gently swallow every little single crumb left..."
"when you type this question, you should get a list of previously similar asked and answered questions. then you will save 5 point and go through all the answer until you found a good one."
"i know, i like solitude a well. but i know jesus christ, and through him that is how i found my best self. i know who i am in christ, and that is the answer to all seeking.....my seeking anyway.. . i pray god help you and guide you and that you find true peace."
"very sunny, it ha been raining a little, but nothing disturbing. plus it's le hot than usual!!"
there all cold at the same time. and they all like to eat fish...
"angel are tricksy though. i mean, wrestling wa the big pastime upstairs according to the delicious fiction of paradise lost, and according to some biblical reference too...possibly, you might be able to beat a couple of the younger, le experienced angels. but dude like the archangel michael...he's a bit nuts, and doe the whole ""will of god frenzy"" thing...next to him, i think possibly we're talking nacho libre territory here :o)"
arrested .. already been arrested. under arrest he is about to be arrested
"let's hear it for the first amendment!. . ""and he answered and said unto them, i tell you that, if these should hold their peace, the stone would immediately cry out."". luke 19:40"
"the thing is that black people started the hip hop/urban culture you are talking about, so that's why people say they act black. the term i hear a lot is ""wigger"", that term ha been around for year and years. i know it sound offensive to some, i am just stating the term and i don't mean anything derogatory by it."
"a metaphor is a figure of speech in which a phrase is used to signify something else in a vivid manner. contrary to a simile, when you use a metaphor, you speak a though the thing wa identical to that which you compare it to.. for example: the princess wa the jewel of the kingdom. (she is not actually a stone - she is being referred to a a jewel to show is beautiful and precious.. or a cliché one: the lion is the king of animal (a lion is not really king of anything - it just mean a lion is strong and appears majestic.)"
"do you mean having good virtues? virtue is a shirt made of iron, that you cannot change that easily. it is moulded by the circumstances."
insofaras they emphasise the need to focus on right practice and right thought and striving for one's own enlightenment rather than any kind of theology. the symbolism etc. is due to cultural influence but the fundamental teaching of the buddha are still at the core of the various modern buddhist philosophies.
"propylene glycol is used to keep food moist because it can retain water. also, it act a a thickener and emulsifier (keeping oil and liquid mixed together.) the u fda considers it safe."
"addiction is actually a disease that affect the brain chemistry in the addict differently that in the non addict. the neuron respond to the substance and metabolize it in a signifienctly different way that increase the production of endorphin which cause pleasure for the user. this chemical reaction doe not take place in the non addict brain so the craving doe not happen to the extent and thus le of a chance of becoming chemically ""addicted"". you should understand that you can also become chemically dependant and this too can cause extremem difficulties."
"believe in yourself,be cool,think that all your rival are noting more than mad cows.what will happen if you give a wrong answer? well you might get to know the right one from someone.just be +ve and give me 500$ when you are successfull."
"because there is no discipline in today brittish society, alot of mother and father neglect there child because there are more intrested in there own life's, and they fail to teach there child right from wrong, a for the binge drinker's and cocaine user's they will suffer in the future big time with there health and they will regret what they did in there younger year . . . blame society the government and parent for failing this generation"
the root of the nazi party would be a reason. i've never heard of this though.
"48 continental states. 2 detatched state - hawaii & alaska. several territory - puerto rico, u virgin islands, northern mariana islands, american samoa, canal zone, etc."
the civil war wa just a movie it never really happended. also if we didn't have slave back then the pyriamids wouldn't have got built and we wouldn't have learned how to make turnip soup
"i believe that they have a thing called reprobate mind . . and even a they did not like to retain god in their knowledge, god gave them over to a reprobate mind, to do those thing which are not convenient; being filled with all unrighteousness, fornication, wickedness, covetousness, maliciousness; full of envy, murder, debate, deceit, malignity; whisperers, backbiters, hater of god, despiteful, proud, boasters, inventor of evil things, disobedient to parents, without understanding, covenant breakers, without natural affection, implacable, unmerciful: who knowing the judgment of god, that they which commit such thing are worthy of death, not only do the same, but have pleasure in them that do them. roman 1:28-32"
"an emir is the name given to the royal figure of a muslim state/ country. it basiacally like a king but, he's just a little bit more supreme. he is also a religious leader & he's looked upon for guidance."
try not attempting this ......... . you don't want it to kill the last two brain cell you possess!
"i don't think there is any easy way of getting into acting.. especially hollywood movies... if you are hoping to be 'discovered' then good luck... . you may need to go to an acting college, or sign up with an agency that doe extra work for movie and such.. that would be your best bet at getting on a set and being able to talk to a movie director or something.."
"a saint-petersburg lie in russia and a russia is a christian-orthodox country, christmas is on the eve of january 6th to january 7th (as in all other christian orthodox countries, like serbia, greece, etc). . see wikipedia link, under the entry 4 ""other day of celebration"""
"i find it hard to believe you could be that small, but anyway, it's not unethical. it's a nude beach, so you can't cover it."
it is unbalance and the people going to or in hell would agree with you. i guess those in heaven would see it a being fair.
islam is a religion of peace.. it is the worship and belief in one god - allah. it is about belief in all the prophet and messenger of god (pbut).. islam ha 5 pillars.
718 for landlines. 646 and 347 for most cell phones.
terrible isn't it but the shocking and horrifying attracts more people. i personally don't even trust the medium anymore.
what is ---frensh???. if you had used (check spelling) we would understand you . so use it fool
"to find your purpose for existing, or helping someone else find it if you can't find yours. it doesn't have to be something extravagant, it could be simple. through trial and error we find out what our purpose is. you will know you have chosen the right path in the end."
"go to cheriano in the mountain behind san remo in liguria, mid october. those guy will really show you how it done by the half-tonne. ciao"
because you are in a constant state of growth and change.. which is a very good thing.. i wish i could say i have those quality in me but i tend not to be so motivated.
it's a pier. it's in wigan. what else do you need to know?
"i think that this is the biggest problem with christianity. if you take the whole bible literally, than you aren’t making any logical sense, but it you take part of it metaphorically than you have to pick and chose which part to take seriously.. . it’s all pretty self-serving if you ask me."
freedom of speech . freedom of religion. and just freedom. they are thing we take for granted everyday and thing we should cherish
"the following photographer's work stand up because they work with light and dark and color and texture to produce amazing images. from the meticulous detail of an ansel adam landscape to the grainy edginess of an annie leibovitz portrait, each master photographer also ha their own style and composition but the common basis is the level of quality and creativity they each bring to their work."
"let's see... he exploit his workers, murder them, us coercion, threat of slavery.... . can't think of anything. guess he's okay after all."
"christmas time is a warm time for me. even though it is winter time and snow everywhere, i feel warm and cheery all over. i see family and friend and see the special heart wrenching time of the year were gift and good eats just light up a room! i love it, year after year after year...."
"cantonese food is like samwoo restaurant, they have a lot seafood, soup with herb and dimsun (shrimp usually). szchuan and hunan food is real spicy, especially the real chinese food, very spicy... . shanghai is sort of sweet and mild, focus on sauteed or pan fried dishes. i like it a lot."
"the twin peak soundtrack featuring julee cruise and composed by angelo badalementi. very soothing, will lull you to a vast strange land of dancing midgets."
"it's been proven time and time again that the higher the iq and education, the le the tolerance for religion.. . oh and ""impossible"" pious fraud may be something christian indulge in on a daily basis, but it's still fraud. yeah ""bs"" is right..."
"yes and yes, all you have to do is tell them nicely to take you off the list of, ""don't call list"". because even if you do give them money they will forever keep on and keep on calling you girl...but the choice is yours. take care!!"
"wannin is right, one way is to make donation to the political party in power. my friend get one every year because she make a donations."
"the church wa founded by the risen christ, to overcome evil and lead all soul to heaven.. . outside the church there can be no assurance of salvation ... for anyone."
"very sparingly! they are expensive.. . they enhance beef, pork, chicken, eggs.. . they are great in a liver pate'............really anywhere you would use regular mushroom and want really good flavor."
"greatest purpose: man serf god.. greatest problem: man serf himself, instead.. solution: obvious"
"well sometimes 12 can be tacky if it not valentine day or a special event like your bday, so 3 is nice! dont ask why he gave you the flower just appreciate them!! he bein nice!!!!"
"i think that you will find this in every culture. at least a little. somewhere deep inside everyone, they have that feeling of superiority..."
easily. the government figure out a way to tax it.
"sufism is a mystic tradition of islam encompassing a diverse range of belief and practice dedicated to allah/god, divine love and sometimes to help a fellow man. tariqas (sufi orders) may be associated with shi'a islam, sunni islam, other current of islam, or a combination of multiple traditions. it ha been suggested that sufi thought emerged from the middle east in the eighth century, but adherent are now found around the world. some sufi have also claimed that sufism pre-dates islam and some group operate with only very tenuous link to islam."
"it a time where my family actually stay home and spends time with eacother all day. turkey, presents, it the best day of the year."
"you don't let go of ""hurt"" because it isn't hurt. it's anger, sadness and possibly anxiety. you forgive by realizing that you're no better than anyone else in this world, and you also make mistakes. you forgive because it give you grace and this is a beautiful state of being."
lanson black label brut champagne is very good modestly priced bubbly. 50% pinot noir 35% chardonnay 15% pinot meunier. excellent champagne for it price.
if he is refuting your talk he is angry.. if he is avoiding you he is angry.. if he doe not turn up on your invitation he is angry.. only this understanding is enough.
ha ha i wa wondering that too. this same question wa asked by jerry on seinfeld.....and we still never got the answer.
i think being on the down low refers to being secretly gay while married. it's like living a double life. it's more than just coming out.
"sometimes the world attack u in such a way that we often become cold and hard.. i wa the same way.. in allot of way i wa dead to the person i once was.. i took a long hard look at myself and didn't like who i had become.. now to change, i made it a point to be nice, i made it a point to find the good in someone when i started judging, i make it a point everyday to say something nice to the people i come in contact with just so i can one day, not have to make it a point, it will come naturally."
"gnostic mean you're skeptical but with a heavy lean towards believing. agnostic mean your skeptical but with a heavy lean towards atheism.. . btw that guy who said agnostic don't try to learn anything, that's a load of bs. i'm pretty much agnostic and i continually improve my knowledge."
diamond are a girl best friend and they are forever know this!!!!
"some people are abusive by nature, just like some people are sweet tempered.. but i do agree with you entirely.. if you have nothing helpful or constructive to say, why bother at all?"
"it is a date-line in order. ie. a list of thing in date order.. ie. if something happened on 2nd feb 2000, then the next item might be 3rd march 2001, etc."
"join us........ come to the dark side! we have cookies, and candy, and chocolate, the three basic foodgroups...."
"if you are in fact exceptionally smart, you of course realize that you are an anomaly and will have to decide if it is a blessing or a curse.. that then decided you must choose weather you will u what you have for self gain or attempt to help your fellow man. i do think al belief that he is doing the latter."
let's see if i remember.... it's... flour and water. it depends on how much you use how long it take to dry. how much water you use...
"usually if a question ha been removed by ya, it say something to that effect. it sometimes also say that it violated community guidelines.. . i don't know how bug free this system is, but it seem pretty likely that if it say the asker removed their question, they really did it themselves."
"in the beginning it wa coz they were no match for them and coz they worshipped ""pagan deities"".. but christianity kinda adopted some of it's practices.constantine used christianity for political reasons.so ""some christians"" that didn't like constantine's influence in christianity were killed and called heretics,apostates!"
"i have the same kind, there's no problem. enjoy your wife's feet!"
"yoga will help you become more flexible. some of this will come with age, you are working on that already! sometimes we feel the gloomiest about something, just before we breakthrough.. just stay positive & keep on with your work!"
put the chip in a bowl or cup and add some water. microwave until melted. pour milk into another cup and add some of the chocolate and add a little sugar to sweeten. put int microwave to heat and serve hot to taste.
it is very easy to have a russian person apply for your invitation.. they can then send it to you via dhl or what ever service you like.. take your invitation to your nearest russian consulate and you should recieve your visa in a matter of day and you don't have to pay all of that money to one of those services.
"rac‧ism /ˈreɪsɪzəm/. –noun. 1.a belief or doctrine that inherent difference among the various human race determine cultural or individual achievement, usually involving the idea that one's own race is superior and ha the right to rule others.. 2.a policy, system of government, etc., based upon or fostering such a doctrine; discrimination.. 3.hatred or intolerance of another race or other races."
irony is the use of word expressing something other than their literal intention.. satire is taking a situation and changing into a different situation in order to make light of it or draw comparisons. for example: george orwell's animal farm is a satire of communism.
"at the english school in japan where i taught, i had one student who told me and the class that he wa a buddhist priest. i asked him what some of buddhism's belief were, and he said, ""oh, we don't believe anything!"". . ."
"it's not really a new stereotype. people have always said that girl that wanna have fun must be dirty and bad. it ha nothing to do with clubs, it's just people have issue with girl who don't fit into the oldschool gender role. i don't know if we'll ever get rid of that, but oh well."
"par‧a‧noi‧a /ˌpærəˈnɔɪə/ pronunciation key - show spelled pronunciation[par-uh-noi-uh] pronunciation key - show ipa pronunciation. –noun. 1.psychiatry. a mental disorder characterized by systematized delusion and the projection of personal conflicts, which are ascribed to the supposed hostility of others, sometimes progressing to disturbance of consciousness and aggressive act believed to be performed in self-defense or a a mission.. 2.baseless or excessive suspicion of the motif of others."
"supply and demand. there's hardly supply, but the demand is (relatively) great. so the airline that do fly to fat charge what the market can support."
"it an assortment of green leaf (lettuces) spinach, arugula, baby romaine etc. (sometimes a mesculin mix is used..) you can buy this assortment at any groccery store, natural food store, organic variety a well."
good question. my family and i were discussing this topic the other day. i am thankful everyday and i take time out to tell my family and the lord how thankful i am for everyday life.
"i feel the rainbow is a promise. it symbolizes trust. if you are a christian, you would know that when god flooded the world, he told noah to build an ark, after the forty day flood, he showed the rainbow a a promise to never flood the entire world again. that's what a rainbow represents and i feel that i can alway trust god"
"without motivation, no one will succeed. motivation fuel our desire and our want to do something, either better or worse. motivation put you in motion and get you acting on your feelings. motivation make the world go round (literally)."
talking about someone behind his/her back.. . . that's forbidden too in my religion.
"i am not greek , but a i know :. joanna ine oreia (oreya) ."
"it teach u to become use to a lot of negative thing and see them a normal.... people learn to think-its on tv all the time, it must be okay to do myself in real life! thats why"
"do you mean ""peace of mind"" or a ""piece of someone mind""?. either way, we are kind of stuck in this human dance of disagreeing and agreeing, testing and contesting. but we usually move forward anyway. nice, that way."
"im not black but im just wondering why you have segregated black people a if they were the only one who recieve racial prejudices, all people can be the subject of racism, why not include all races? (spelling?)"
"math wise, it the change in location. if your in one place how, and another place sometime in the future, thats movement."
"i'm black and i agree, it just show that we all are mixed up to define justice and become one. you can't punish people of today because of what our history did 400 year ago."
"look at your question - there is your answer. . they do not know nothing...double negative - i know, it's about a important a people cooking italian food to suit their own personal tastes."
it's just a worldwide commercial celebration and holiday except for true believers.. . same reason atheist in the west celebrate it.
"verb: prove to be false or incorrect . verb: overthrow by argument, evidence, or proof"
"but you need to answer why his election ended reconstruction. in the deal previously mentioned, hayes promised to remove the last of the federal army from the south, to appoint at least one southerner to his cabinet, and advocate the building of railroad inthe south. that is why the deal wa agreed to and that is how hayes' election ended reconstruction."
"what you call facts, logic and reason, they call fantasy because they were not taught these thing in bible school.. . . my pastor told me..."
"the writer of stargate typically try to avoid deliberately stepping on the toe of any modern, mainstream religions... presenting yahweh, jehovah, god, allah, etc. a an alien figure posing a a deity would alienate (no pun intended) much of their audience unnecessarily (although two hindu deity have been featured, neither were exactly ""pleasant"" being even in mythology).. . now, poking fun at modern, mainstream religion through allegory (i.e. fundamentalist christian a the fanatical worshipper of the ori) is fair game..."
"the united stated is more developed than most countries, but it's population is not highly educated on the average.. the percentage of college and university graduate in the u is le than 10% of the population, which is lower than the average in many developed countries, and even in many underdeveloped countries.. therefore it is not surprising that the u population, with le education than the eu population for instance, is more conservative and religious."
"roll bigger ball with your cookie dough, and when you place them on your baking tray, dont flatten them too much. adding more flour would only make them harder and dry."
"since you are not her boss, it is none of your business. if you have to do thing she is supposed to do and it press you for time to do your job right, talk to your boss. otherwise, butt out."
"cook the bacon first, really crispy. then, sautee the garlic in olive oil until it's just barely cooked, then add the green beans, and when they're almost done, add the bacon. yummy!"
"at first, there wa a sense of awe at nature and creativity and fate. then a lot of story were made up and told about the god and how they communicated with humans. finally, the story sort of took over a seeming to be just stories, and the time wa ripe for the spread of the christian religion and the mystery religions. of course, we're talking about hundred of year and thousand of people, so what i've said is a vast simplification."
"they chop off their head and then hang them upsidown to let the blood drain out. then they pluck their feathers, wrap 'em and send 'em off to the grocery store for all you lucky folk to buy."
"i believe that you can ask for forgiveness when you see god, because the bible promise everlasting life. even in hell you live forever so technically you do not die."
"i use it to line baking pan for cooky or meatball - you can use it for cake pans--cut a round out the same size a the round pan, flour and grease the pan, then put the round in the bottom. absolutely no stick - . on a cookie tin, no mess....just be careful or the edge of the paper may brown.. you can also prepare fish and bake it ""en papillot"" -- in the buttered parchment wrapped around the fish and it ""steams"". it really doe help........"
one entertainment - it depicts a man holding a camera on his shoulder like atlas. the company produce hindi/pakistini movies.
"i agree. this whole catholic church priest thing ha gotten ridiculous. a if the catholic church is the only religion who ha this problem. i think it ha to do with people not understanding the need for priest to be celibate and assuming that's lead to pedophillia, which it doesn't."
"well, i know it's human nature to be petty but some people overdo it. a lady here reported me because i said 'luv ya!"" in response to a question she asked..can you imagine?"
"if we knew, we would all be rich! like what happens after we die, i wish i had the answer. but perhaps the meaning of life is how you lived it and what you made of it."
"cause going to the doctor works, praying doesn't. if praying worked, and going to doctor didn't, evolutionist would pray instead of going to doctors."
"anova stand for analysis of variance, and measure the difference between group of data. an anova compare the mean value of multiple group and give an estimate of how likely it is that the result you have could be the result of chance. an anova is usually calculated using a computer, with statistical software such a spss or a basic computational program such a microsoft excel. calculation by hand are long and painful, and i am unfamiliar with any situation in which that would be expected."
"the senate eventually lost it power and wasn't a strong a in the time of republic, the emperor's act became the most important source of law, all the power wa now vested in the hand of the emperor (30-10 bc). . it wasn't julius caeser"
may be there is tomorrow or no tomorrow. for kal ho na ho.. kya takleef hai apko mean what is ur problem.. apka naam kya hai mean what is ur name.. mera naam haai......... mean my name is
how? don't know and don't care but i guess they most do something so carlos could marry that prost***** i mean ewwwwwww she is so ugly and look like she want all for me i guess that the to boy most talked with the queen and withhim and made him sign somethig i dont know so he can marry her x murder dont' u thing?
they didn't. christian did. the gospel do not mean anything to jews.
"it's true that the gypsy have earned their reputation in prague, but if you just take all the normal anti-pickpocket precaution on public transport and in tourist area you should be fine. take special care at mùstek, karluv most, staromestske namesti and mala strana."
they believe that they have a special knowledge about god and salvation. only those who posse such knowledge can be saved.
"if your recipe us a uncooked crust, throw it out and find another recipe. just kidding about the recipe, what need to be done is heat your oven to 400, put your shell in your pan, pierce the bottom with a fork and bake for about 14 minute till brown, let cool and proceed a you did before, you'll see and feel the difference"
"war injuries, poison, riding accidents, living in dirty draughty castle with poor sanitation. actually, go back a few hundred years, and 50 wa old."
"my favorite time of day is morning. it's like starting a new book you can't wait to read. you know it's going to be good, but you don't know the story yet."
"you can't! they are the only one who can make that decision, and it one of the hardest thing to see a friend falling to pieces...but there is one thing you can do....when he need you...be there for him/her....10 percent...first they have to hit rock bottom, and then when there finally come around....there will need lot of good friend and support....so be there!!!!"
you that is a good question! i dont know but god love you!
"because they're uninformed people who don't understand that christmas wa never even started for the birth of jesus. his b-day wa in a completely different season, and the christian took the holiday from pagan and gave it their own meaning and name. you probably know that, that's just for people who think christmas actually ha anything to do with christ."
"basically, no one ever know for sure. i just always assume that i am being stalked by ninjas. mmmm, stealthy, sexy ninjas...;-)"
"life ha both ups and downs. usually when your down is seems horrible, but once you finally get past whatever is bothering, life will be wonderful!!!"
i've always heard the best thing for christmas tree wa fresh water with a little sugar added. this ha always kept mine from drying out during the holiday
you're lucky - my water is clear but boy doe it taste of chemical ??? in the past week it got worse and tea made with tap water taste like it had disenfectant added - it disgusting !!!!!
"i wanted to be the first to answer this question.. however, it seems you beat me to it!"
"because historically people in each area would've been a lot more secluded from other places, and spoken the language in the way they interpreted it. obviously their child would speak in that way too and so word in different place of each country are pronounced in different way today."
"napa lettuce, commonly referred to a napa cabbage, is a vegetable used in chinese stir fry and other recipes. it is very mild tasting when cooked in stir fry. look it up on-line and you will see what it look like."
"i believe many people venerated wisdom a the virgin mary, and more a a the feminine spirit through the feminine saints. some people thought this wa too much like polytheism, and fought it. i believe now we are in a state of flux, where more people are willing to let sophia or mary or other feminine aspect of deity into their religion."
because he said so. good enough for me. thank you and god bless.
"well you could try being a little more specific (unlike your question) when you enter word into your search engine.. . not sure what you're asking...........would broadband speed up your search to ""lightning speed""............how about putting speech mark around your entry so that you only get specific response from the search engine."
"ha ha,i reported her for advertising and i just got a violation from yahoo,and i told her she wa violating the community guideline for advertising and i got ""not an answer or a question"" what a freaking joke.lmao.. . guess what,just found out she basically owns yahoo so now i know why conservative republican get reported so much.freedom of speech..,yee right."
"i guess u r asking the difference between both, wheat flour a you kow is milled wheat. maida (also kow a baking flour....not sure thou) is actually wheat flour, but is go through a refinement (super refined) process, which make it fine and white. although in this process a lot of nutritional value of the wheat flour is lost.. hope this help"
i don't! they just want the glamour and attention! 50% of them are pure silicone anyway! lol
"to ""get down to the nitty gritty "" mean to get down to basics, or the bottom line.. . this come from the day of slave ship from africa. the woman in the hold were covered in grit and nit (lice) and the sailor would resort to sex with them - getting down to the nitty gritty."
"i dunno, but why then are there more male chef that female chef in the restaurant business if cooking is supposedly a feminine thing? that's a head-scratcher..."
"gosh, i have always wondered the same thing. how can people say they don't eat ""meat"" on friday's yet eat fish. i always thoguht it wa meat too. great question."
"uhh, how about you read it and find out. why do you kid always want the easy way out. you are in school to learn."
practice drawing a circle by using a disk or round bottom object and trace it. the more you do it the better you can do it by yourself with no item. trust me it works. i did it myself.
"go to the dollar store and buy those clear large bulb and decorate them to hang on the tree with the giftcard enclosed. also, my son got a really neat present one time...a gift card encased in a fancy picture frame. i thought that wa pretty clever, too!"
because stereotype are never true for the whole group that is being stereotyped. you simply have a different taste than the stereotype indicates.
"go to the ""toe shop"" on the corner of leicester square... there you can pick out from a range of over 25,000 different feet, ankles, toe and heel in a variety of sizes, shape and odours... i hope you enjoy london's best kept secret! xd"
"you can beelive in purgutory....purgutory is place of purificationfor those who have died in god's grace, but not in a state of perfection. nothing that is not perfect can enter into heaven. the bible say first we must be purified, like a diamond in a furnace. thats purgutory."
"it wa great, thank you for asking. all i wanted wa to be with my family and i had that. and everyone is healthy and really just thankful."
"it wa a mortal sin, the scarlet letter wa based on an actual law that stated people had to wear the letter a stitched on a 1 x 1 square of cloth on all their clothing. today it is more acceptable, we find it almost common, and it can be forgiven. there is no legal penalty."
"you'll either to have to contact whoever sold you the ticket (or the airline's ticket desk when you get to the airport) and pay for the upgrade. alternatively, ask when you check in for a free upgrade - if the flight is overbooked and depending on airline policy, you may get an upgrade."
a dirty penis. don't let your mother hear you use language like that.
"all purpose flour is nothing but maida..... . is is derived from wheat flour...from which husk, semolina ha been removed...its is soft in texture...majorly used in baking cake and cooky"
they're basically showing their true color when people disagree with them and their agenda. they can't take any criticism and they want to be the one getting into people's face with spit flying and demanding special rights.
"very simply the war of the rose were a series of war fought between the house of lancaster and the house of york in england between 1455 and 1487 for control of the country, both house having descended from the earlier king, edward iii. the two side took respectively the red rose and the white rose a their badge or symbol, hence the name. the war came to an end in 1487 with the death of the last yorkist king, richard iii at bosworth. he wa succeeded by henry vii of the house of tudor whose lineage included both side"
"why is the population in the state so unevenly distributed? it's all got to do with fertile land, economics, and commericialism. same thing with the middle east."
"hey lena,. . the site below call it 'colored pencil art', really."
"some word are offensive and, a this is a public forum, they are not acceptable here. you can say what you want when you are speaking in private, or with friends, or in personal communications, but for public consumption, let's keep it clean."
"a theological truth is an interesting concept - it's a definition of something ""real"" based on a belief in a god that cannot be physically seen. while this would normally be against the definition of a truth - a truth can be proved, and a theological belief is a one based on faith in the unseen (which technically is not proof, and therefore can't be proved to be truth...or indeed disproved a fiction), a theological truth is a statement of some action by a god, of which a person is so utterly certain that it go beyond needing to be proved by conventional methods.. . essentially, it's where faith and factuality entwine, and it's where conflict between believer and non-believers generally begins."
the due reward or punishment for an act. justice is getting what is deserved.
"japan is a little weird, they used to sell used panty in vending machine (not anymore though). and they have hotel room slightly larger than coffins. however the teen titan thing is probably drawn by american i would bet, i think hentai is read by adult in japan, in their country i dont think they view anime a a childrens entertainment medium, a alot of anime involves sex, violence, and other adult theme just like american movies. btw gadget is hott"
"one of his most famous painting is ""el mercado de flores"" which is in the museo español de arte contemporáneo, madrid.. . painted in 1949, it is an oil on canvas, a were most of his works.. . link 1 is a portal to lot of information about him.. link 2 is a picture of ""el mercado de flores"". link 3 is the diego rivera virtual museum"
it is 7hr ahead of german time. . 8hr + gmt
"not amazed, just a bit sad. still, some of the answer are worthy of a chuckle at their complete inappositeness!"
"like you said, not all woman are like that. i, on the other hand, tend to starve myself when i'm upset. i've gone for day without eating anything."
social worker themselves have no say-so when it come to making the social welfare policy formulation.. . the rule are made from higher up. like at the federal government level.
benefits= people take the workload off you. drawbacks= you lose total control
"appam, a fermented rice pancake, is a speciality of the south indian coastal state of kerala. it is called aappam (ஆப்பம்) in tamil nadu. it ha a soft spongy middle, laced with crispy edges."
"after the black hand assassinated ferdinand the russian who were austo-hung, ally pitted the battle against them by joining the islamics with in their region, something they had no intention of doing, for their ally were france, england, italy and austo-hung, but because the turk were available to anihilate the enemy and the only one to oppose so profusely they went at the kaiser from all angle and defeated their existance a the once known civilization of prior to ww1, ww11 came and they were again put into a position by the enemy. it seems that history tell you that they are very weak to join the so-called winning side in both case of ww1 and 11 their judgement wa wrong."
"apathy mean a lack of caring, boredom, disinterest.. empathy mean compassion, symathy, caring for another by actually feeling their feelings. to empathize is to take on the feeling of another, to coexperience their suffering."
"because we have few safe place to ride them, and you should see how some people drive. i'd love to ride a bike to get around but i don't want to get flattened."
"well bird of a feather, when they decide to become part of our culture rather than trying to establish radical muslim culture pocket then maybe they'll be better accepted. if they want the american dream then they need to become a part of it just like all the other immigrant that came before them. but if they want to bring their backward stone age social system, politics and behavior and their shoddy mistreatment of woman here, then they should just go back to wherever they came from, and good riddance."
"in business supply store they sell a product called ghost duster, or ghost writer. i cant remember which it is, but is a little spray can of cleaner for this purpose. it work great."
"republic of armenia ha been independent country for the last 15 years. their economy system is very similar to united states. their major export is diamonds, wine and brandy."
"i've found a lot of people who have their own small business have way le money than people who work for someone else. my opinion is that people who ask those question obviously don't know anything about running a business and they are rude for commenting on how much money someone has. they also may think that it's some sort of 'modesty lie' and that you're living cheaply while stockpiling your million in a bank account. mostly, i think they may be jealous that you don't have a bos and confused because not having a bos is supposed to be incredibly easy (so they think)"
"im no expert but i would assume you would have to send copy (more professional looking the better, grammar, etc) of the book to multipule pushblishers and hope for the best. good luck and you never know, i could be buying one of your book for my kid one day. =)"
wat dya mean on here? u mean here on yahoo? just report abuse i guess.
= unhappy people who would take any change a it had to be better than what wa going on then. at the time.
"kosher salt is made under strict dietary guideline of the jewish faith. the quality of the salt is excellent and of a slightly thicker texture, although not a salty. use to taste."
"the human will to survive is unmatched.. survive to carry on, tell the story.. live because others could not.. live in spite of it.. rise above. continuity."
"what i do before i put them up outside the home -- is that i, right after i take a shower (and while the bathroom is still warm and moist) hang the newly purchased icicle light over the shower curtain rod -- and let them stay in there overnight. . . the moisture and heat in the bathroom doe most of the trick of straightening out the bend that are present from packaging."
"sauce is a flavourful liquid, usually thickened, that is used to season, flavour, and enhance other foods.. whereas ketchup is a sweet-tart sauce whose main ingredient is tomatoes, flavored with onions, garlic, vinegar, sugar and spices, used primarily a a condiment.. basically sauce is any liquid but ketchup is tomato sauce... . go to the website below for more information, hope this answer your question"
"you can do a lot with yucca. boil it in some chicken broth, or cut it and fry it in a pan with garlic until brown, or add it to vegetable soup. (my favorite) i live in the midwest and wish i could find some yucca around here. i miss it."
interesting to know... i have included two links..hope it helps...ll.
"in the western world, in particular in medieval europe, the dragon wa associated with the adversary, the devil, perhaps because of reference in the book of revelations.. in china, the symbol is actually beneficial. the chinese dragon represents the chinese people themselves. it is a mix of symbol from different mythical animal arising from different people who eventually merged to form the chinese people."
"are you sure it's not a termite nest, esp. if you're from austrailia. i'm a birdwatcher, but haven't heard of this one."
"up to 48 hour before. i got bad review with the slow cooked one, so i intend to do it the regular way. the way to preserve juiciness, is to let it sit tented, no carving, for at least 30 mins."
"an archbishop is a the chief bishop of a very large diocese. it is a recognition of the size of the diocese. a very large diocese may have several bishops, but the chief bishop is the archbishop. also, when the bishop of a conference get together, the archgbishop is the leader of the conference."
refreshing.. . depends where you stay co different area add different stuff to it - fluoride etc.
"guy is proud, girl is prejudiced, they get over it.. . edit: the name greta can't remember is wickham."
it's actually a good question-see right there i gave an opinion-the questioner didn't need to know what i thought of the question. the answer is: people want to believe that they have acquired a certain amount of wisdom throughout their lives...otherwise what the hell is the point of it all?
"go to a craft store or a railroad hobby store and buy the replica piece you need. i would draw a design first though and cut the base out of styrofoam (also for sale at hobby stores) then glue the trees, bushes, bricks, wood, etc on from there. and paint the water on."
"it mean that you have a friendship of substance and you can begin to share. without the trust, it is just another battlefield."
"start knocking on coffin and wait for someone to say, ""who's there?""!"
"in theory, a soon a the general public can buy a book, the library can too.. . sometimes the reality is that it take extra time for the library to acquire the book, process it, and get it on the shelf. so the result is that you may be able to get your hand on it a bit sooner if you go to a bookstore and buy it."
"i think shy people tend to only talk when they are spoken to first. they avoid eye contact, and probably look uncomfortable if they are in a situation where they don't know many people. i'm extremely shy (around people i don't know), and i've been told that i come off ""mean"" and act like i'm ""better than everyone else"" when really, i just can't get the courage up to talk to anyone!"
"despair is hoplessness rage is focus. they do not walk together, but have the potential to trigger the other into action."
are you saying that santa didn't die on the cross for your sins! blasphemer!
year ago i bound six month supply of motorcycle magazine by cutting across the spine so that all the page were separate then i clamped them together with some timber and painted the exposed edge with hot melt glue and worked a piece of cotton scrim into the glue the open edge i levelled up by making a small jig that i ran back and forward it had a blade which cut through several page at once and gave me a nice even finish. i fixed cotton covered cardboard a cover and it lasted for years. hope this help . p i guess modern day cold glue would work just a well.. pps or you could just guillotine them
"some people have nothing better to with there life except try and ruin someone else's day, because there life sucks. thats what i think. there's bad apple in this world we've just got to ignore mean people and trudge forward with our lives."
"""due to it high sugar content, condensed milk will last longer after opening than evaporated milk, but use both optimally within five to seven day after opening.. . freezing of evaporated milk is not recommended."""
"it stem from the german city of hamburg.. . likewise, frankfurter are called that because they stem from frankfurt."
they don't.. . most mexican are native american; most arab middle eastern.
"get permission first then check out nova model inc. . (410) 752-6682. 2223 maryland ave. baltimore, md 21218"
"thanks.....thanksgiving is good food, family, friends, american football, leftover and a good nap. then in the evening off to see the lighting of the great christmas tree and listen to choirs. our town ha a pagent that ha been performed for 60 year ,the finale is the illumination of 12,000 lights. tomorrow is black friday, shopping day of the year...sales...starts at 5-6:oo am and go to mid-night...the crowd are huge, but the money saving sale are great..wish you were here."
"being already prepared before a disaster hits.. . ex: full tank of gas, batteries, non perishable food, water, flashlights, an escape route, a gun.... . depends on what type of disaster really."
"doe it matter? if it is real then fine. if it is not real, you still have to deal with it, and experience the consequence just a much a if it wa real. in either case your best bet is to minimize your suffering and maximize your more pleasant experiences, by doing the best of your ability in every situation."
"that is a rather humorous question.. . jesus wa the first, and because the spanish brought the catholic religion to central america and mexico, some of the mexican people began using the name for their child (ninos)"
"i need to do art to discover my personal vision of the world. that vision is revealed in the process of making art. sometimes it wait until the end, sometimes in the beginning but only through art can i find it."
"poaching is the process of gently simmering food in liquid, generally water, stock or wine.. . poaching is particularly suitable for fragile food, such a eggs, poultry, fish and fruit, which might easily fall apart or dry out. for this reason, it is important to keep the heat low and to keep the poaching time to a bare minimum, which will also preserve the flavour of the food."
"where this phrase came from, well your guess is a good a mine. all the trimming mean all the side dishes. it's associated with holiday meals, just because it is!! god bless"
"they have been conditioned not to think for themselves, but to allow those ""in authority"" to tell them what to think/believe. and the movie are seen a an authority.. also, they have never been taught the art of discernment."
"i ussually leave them in the bag they came in and roll it . then place it in two grocery store bag and tie it really tight, this keep it from getting the freezer burn taste, then place it in the freezer."
i think you mean episcopalian?. . do a google search.
i don't know. i get mild mannered question deleted all the time.. i wish they would bug off.
"at the time of german unification, france wa seen a the largest stumbling block to achieve unification. after losing the franco-prussian war, not only did france have to pay a heavy war price, but to add insult to injury the unification and crowning of a united german kaizer wa held at versailles"
"i don't believe some of the thing they teach, but i think there are a lot of truth in it. i also think mormon do a better job of emphasizing some aspect of family life than other religions. not that these belief are different, but their way of teaching is different. so i definitely respect them."
i guess style from different decade come back every once in a while due to the culture. perhaps a movie reminds everyone of what they once wore that may bring a nice little nostalgia.
"icf mean integrated coach factory for making railway wagons. it is in perambur, 10-15 km from chennai. the famous mumbai local are made there every year."
"yeah, what the first guy said. the caste system wa originally designed to favor a functioning society with all levals of role fullfilled. the question should be why is the caste system, in a way, still practiced in india?"
"you know what a cask is (a kind of barrle, a large container for wine). amontillado is a variety of jerez/sherry wine.. . in the poe story, the narrator us the lure of a cask of amontillado he newly received to draw a hated enemy into the lowest reach of his palazzo's basements, where he proceeds to bury him alive a a way of revenge."
"back in the day, 1621---the pilgrim gathered together to give thanks to god for their blessing and bountiful harvests. indian shared in their feast. it's been celebrated every since."
"a living plant like a bonsai, or rose bush, bottle of soju (if they drink) or a gift basket of fresh fruits, cheese and teas, are thing i have given but i know there used to be a custom of 2 pair silk shoe 1 red and 1 blue for prosperity and wisdom. i think any gift you would have enjoyed upon moving into your home will be appreciated. hope this helps!"
"figuring out how wa not the challenge, a it wa nicely inherited from our ancestors. figuring out how not to reproduce took another fifty thousand or so years."
soft lead pencil can benefit from the use of sharpener like general's little red all art sharpeners.lead shattering is common with regular colored pencil too.part of this ha to do with the quality of sharpener ha gone down over the year and the formula for colored pencil have also changed.for example prismacolor pencil were made in canada a long time ago and were softer then.they got bought out and the pencil changed dramatically in quality.a lot of pencil artist i've known have said the same thing.i still have some of the older one and can tell you that the difference is comparable to that of silk and burlap.too bad.a very sharp pen knife and sandpaper can also do a good job if you're careful.good luck!!!
"it change depends on your route, but there are website that compare all price for you if needed.. yahoo! farechase, do the best job if your origin is in the us.. kelkoo do the same thing if you are in europe."
"yes, you should. but until you are motivated by god's love, until you understand that god is the only true source of love and compassion, then all of your effort - all of my efforts- are tainted with pride and self-importance.. . there is no true altruism apart from god's love."
"simple, just say ""i would like a french pedicure."" to the manicurist when you make the appointment. if they don't understand what you mean then call a different manicurist.. . personally i think you should invest your money in some educational activities."
the trick is using a convectiion oven and upping the temp. good luck!
"""sweet game"" translated in to english.. ""dulce""= sweet. ""juego""=game ( masculine). ""juegar""= to play ( the infinitive of the verb).. hope that is of help.. have a nice time!"
"so that they can feel better about themselves. they may be just jelouse of you, so they make fun of you to make you feel bad..."
"your friend probably aren't that clever either. they just say that because it make them feel superior.. . only way you can be sure is if they tell you they are gay, otherwise just move on."
"tum sa koi aur kha means:. who else can be like you or there is nobody like you.....this is hindi language........... the word bash is nothing , there is some spelling mistake...."
"i would have to agree with the israeli flag. but also why are christmas color green and red? the flag is blue and white though because blue is the water and white is the sky and it is suppose to represent that g-d is all around us, and for jew channukah isnt about gift it is about the miracle that heppened them and the temple and the big thing is that g-d wa with the jew during those time so maybe that is why the color are blue and white and maybe silver because channukah is becoming present oriented so they wanted it to be prettier!"
"many people feel insecure about their own sexuality, and take it out on others to reaffirm their own gender identity.. . bible people, don't quote the bible at us. there is much more in there about charity and forgiveness than there is about gays, and there are also thing that suggest slavery is ok if you read the whole thing instead of just picking and choosing which part to believe."
triple 7's stand for god. and accepting god and jesus into your life. who ever told you that 777 wa evil ha never read a bible. and if they attend a church their leader should never be allowed to teach another human being about religion again.......................
two housebricks on the plums. work every time. my delinquent dwarf got a bit gobby with me until i bricked his nuts. now he's nice a pie
buy some indian ink get a match stick and a sharp needle and some thread quilting thread is the best put the needle on the match stick and wrap the thread around them both enough so that it will draw the ink onto it. then draw the tatoo you want done and dip the needle into the ink and go to work it hurt like hell but it work i know i did it when i wa fifteen.
"i would do kind of trauma in the family, then immediate repercussion of the trauma (s), then the far-reaching effects. i would possibly end with how intervention immediately after the trauma can negate the effect on family member a opposed to a situation where the only ""fix"" that occurs is just letting time pass, or, worse, going into a denial mode."
"the black rock wa examined during the early part of this century, it is an unusually large piece of meteoritic material. all other story are superstitious nonsense."
"it 5.30 in the afternoon, and i don't sleep because i'm not tired.. thanks for the easy 2 points."
it doesn't force itself on mankind. you have choices! we all have an opportunity to see what is true or false! except you continue to try to prove that you are right why is that?
take exit 10 off the turnpike - the sign to staten island and the outerbridge crossing start right there - you'll be on rt 440 (which take you right over the bridge) and be about 5 minute from the bridge. just follow the sign - there are a lot of ramp so be careful.
"the whole bus boycott started when rosa park refused to give up her seat. then the civil right movement started with martin luther king jr. and his ""i have a dream"" speech. i don't know if this is the kind of information you're looking for, but the bus boycott may have been the beginning of the civil right movement."
the behaviourist would probably say they are responding to the sexual instinct. the stronger male usually get the female!. the psychologist would say they feel good because serotonin is released into the body so they continue with the sport.. both type can become addicted to the serotonin and the adrenaline rush they recieve.. like any thing that make u feel good(mine is chocolate) there are always some extremists.
"the inner man is the spirit, the soul tend to relate to the intellect. the outer man is the body."
lazy butt. i think it's supposed to be huevona.
"a terrorist is someone that is considered part of a counter-culture. you are considered part of a counter-culture if you oppose certain aspect of the dominant culture, whether it be through peaceful act or violent ones. so, to answer your question, terrorist shouldn't all be generalized a wearing turban or being muslim, etc. there are many terrorist in this country that hold american passport and birth certificates."
don't mix different type of alcohol. don't drink too fast. don't drink too much.
"just in case you are not fluent in the history, the arab have always had a hatred for jews. clear back in biblical time they were taken prisoner and taken to the conqueror country a slaves... babylonia, egypt, a couple others i can't recall. the u back israel, making u also get on the hate list... but there are apparently other country on the list also..mostly of the western civilization.. not restricted to it however.. they are now taking over (or attempting to) country and governments.."
"my b-friends mother wa suddenly killed in a car crash after taking a nap at the wheel and parking her 4runner in the back corner of a stopped semi doing 45...she wa a salt-lake city mormon in phx az,the whole fam damily came to town...the wake wa at our house,in attendence were the family,plus all four of the other woman my b-friend had been openly cheating on me with for the 2 month prior,away from a well a right in the comfort of our home a couple times.i wa dooped into playing homemaker,therefore jobless,penniless,friendless and if i were to leave him,homeless and hungry.all 4 girl envied my position,as i sat a the #1 ranking 'favorite girlfriend'.homeless and hungry soon became a welcome light in my dark hellhole and i opted out soon after enduring2 mor visit from his girl-'friends' in the day immediatley following the wake.talk about humiliation!!self-imposed too!!!geez...duh!"
i know; that is the purpose. i don't understand the need for so many nasty remark either. people must have a lot of hostility kept inside and it come out online; kind of like road rage. it is sad.
"there are no positive and negative aspects. kinked demand curve is a theory, not a fact. it explains very well why price in oligopolistic industry tend to be stable and why price decrease by one oligopolist are usually matched by others, while price increase are usually not. it doe not, however, explain how an industry becomes an oligopoly..."
"i dont go to pub that have live band anymore, but a good ""cd"" juke box is always good. when i go to an outside summer club with live music, yes it is important, and if the band is good, you stay, drink, & get all f,,,, up. thanks for the memories, last summer went to an outside place and this band did dave matthew so damn good."
go onto the m4 westbound.... . exit at junction 16 and join the a46 southbound towards bath.
probably because we find it to be a much dryer form of humor. that and comedy often stem from tradition and culture so since you are different we probably dont get it for that reason.
yahoo answer wa created for entertainment purpose only. if you intend to use the information on these page to run your psychological life you my friend are in deep trouble. for all you know i am emailing you from the padded wall of my state run mental hospital. which may be a more stable place than some of these bedroom the people are writing from.
"you cannot compare goa with a city like bangkok.... in size, location, culture, pollution, etc. i travelled to both destinations.. . it depends what your interest are!"
people do this?really?i thought it wa a soap opera pose !!!! i find this annoying and uncomfortable.
"never be a person who doesn't need help, there lie loneliness and ""grumpy old so and so"". a great aunt used to accept all the offered help she could get whether she needed it or not. that way she had visitor who kept an eye on her and people to gossip with a she couldn't get out much they all became friends. at her funeral were load of people we didn't even know and they all had a tale to tell of their visit with the old lady."
"they are just angry, and want to make other people feel bad with them, it is a game. i personally love talking about god, and how i feel about him, and how he ha affected my life. it is unfortunate that i have to sift though so much garbage on here to find sincerity, but it is on here. god bless you."
hang around with someone who is assertive. study them and how they talk to ppl. pretty soon you'll pick up on it and be a bad a-- a they are!
"not an easy solution but humility is probably the only way. look at it like this- if you are truly brilliant,fantastic and wonderful what's the point of carrying on?. one of my hero is the 7 time formula world champion michael schumacher;many people confused his confidence with arrogance but the bottom line is every lap of a racing circuit that he completed wa never good enough, he managed to be so self critical that he always saw room for improvement, even if he drove a lap faster than anyone in history it just meant there wa a higher benchmark for him to beat next time;he pushed the envelope,hope you can push yours."
the cost of the conflict wa borne by england which tried to pas along the cost by instituting various tax which aggravated the colonists. this went around for several cycle which ended up with the declaration of independence and yada yada yada
"habit many lived within jewish society,. the error of your logic is that that you are equating the apostle ability not to follow the law with their ability to choose to do so"
euphoria.. it's even better when ice cream meet the oreo cookie. now that's a match made in heaven!
yes. ginger is great for upset stomach how ever you take it.
"datte mean ""like so"" or ""it's said"" and used a a conclusion.. . bayo is a dialect. the person is not from tokyo.. is more or le like ""right"" or ""you know"" when it could be wrong or even if you don't know? it just an ending phrase, however a dialect, and not used all around japan."
"probably they used the atomic bomb to ensure that japan will surrender to the u government and not the ussr, since it is believed that in a possible attack of the red army against japan the russian would easily succeed in having japan to sign a truce with their government and in this way it would be easier to get them under their communist block. probably they would have done the same with berlin or perhaps another german and they would have avoided the fact that the russian were the first to set foot on berlin. but it seems that using the atomic bomb against a european city would have a very negative effect on the image of the u in europe"
"omophagic(adj.)-- eating raw flesh; using uncooked meat a food; as, omophagic feasts, rites."
well if you know what time he is arriving you could go to the airport web address and check out all the flight from the city he is flying in from. . you really need to know what airline .....just ask...all your friend can do is not answer...but i bet they'll tell you what you want to know
"it's the astaxanthin pigment in the shell. . . when cooked, the protein surrounding the astaxanthin denature (like when you cook an egg) and you can see the colour (like when leaf turn red or yellow in the fall)."
i guess it's just the place you hang out at. the one i've seen ( very few)has never been broken . taiwan
judaism doesn't believe in heaven or hell. it's more about living your life here correctly and getting a well-deserved rest when you are done.
what make you think so?. all number are good.. put your trust in god alone.. . .
do hw in a different room. an empty room with nothing interesting to look at. it work for me
"depreciate mean to fall in value. for example, if you were to buy a brand new car a soon a you drove it off the forecourt, it would slightly depreciate in value.. . over year a i am sure you are aware, it would continue to depreciate in value."
hit. like in anime when the character get 'glomped' on the head. it should be right unless there are other meanings.
"it is actually the first one that you mentioned: a wet market. oftentimes, it can also be seen in barangays where people opted to do their marketing in their neighborhood instead of going to a city wet and dry market."
potato and a other potato-like tuber were likely the biggest part of their diet. they also ate alpaca and llamas. inca also took fish and shell fish from the sea. they also prepared a drink called moche which i believe wa a fermented sort of tea.
"it let's them off the hook. in few months, he'll pop back up and claim he ha been ""cured"" of his homosexuality problem."
"the swahili say, the cure for fire is fire. look for her, and spend some time together, only then will you realise she is not the only frog in the pond, and she is not a great a you had thought"
"there are many religious people who simply believe what they're told to believe, they don't analyze it or question it, and if someone tell them that someone who doesn't believe in god is an enemy of god, they know from prior knowledge that the only enemy of god is satan and so people who are the enemy of god must be worshipper of satan.. . not to say, at all, that any of this is true or believable, but that's the cultish christian mind-state."
"first try to identify your age bracket to specialized.. like age fro 1-3 or 4-6..because each age ha it own interest, basically from toddler below they're much more interested in color and shapes. the next bracket wa nursery (as it wa called) this is when you start including letter & basic thing to be identified. you may also include the number from 0-10. good luck"
it's impossible!!. for one person is about $1400.00..... change destination or take a road trip !!
it could be a numerous things. one that maybe if he try to cheer her up it may not help her; two he may feel comfortable with u. guy have a sensitive side and there a certain female that they can do anything for because ur femalish way can relate to his sensitve ways; or maybe he like u a lot more than u think. u ask him why
"ralph waldo emerson said: ""the definition of success--to laugh much; to win respect of intelligent person and the affection of children; to earn the approbation of honest critic and endure the betrayal of false friends; to appreciate beauty; to find the best in others; to give one's self; to leave the world a little better, whether by a healthy child, a garden patch, or a redeemed social condition.; to have played and laughed with enthusiasm, and sung with exultation; to know even one life ha breathed easier because you have lived--this is to have succeeded."". . i think it cover everyting"
"it's an independent country - just a canada is independent of the usa. own government, own laws, own money ..."
"why don't you ask the class what question they have about muslims, and ask your teacher if you can answer them? . . what i'm trying to say, is confront him in class w/o him knowing what you're trying to do."
"""the baby boom"" wa after world war 2 all the soldier came home and impregnated their wives/girlfriends and there wa a surge of birth during this time.. . now all those child that were born during that period are grown and called ""the baby boomers"" generation."
pretty hot and this year even more compared to the last one. bangkok is always quite heavy also due to the pollution but pattaya should be better since you have a sea-breeze.
"it depends on where you live, but if you live in arizona, colorado, florida, idaho, south carolina, south dakota, tennessee, virginia, or wisconsin a yes vote mean that marriage is only between one man and one woman and that there is no legal status for any other union than heterosexual marriage. a no vote mean that there can be the possibility of a future law recognizing civil union or marriage between gay or lesbian people but only if a law is both introduced and passed by the state legislature."
"it doesn't really mean anything.. . 'desu', a you probably know, is a polite way of ending a sentence. 'yo' make it sound more casual. it could be used to add emphasis, but more often than not we say it just because saying desu without yo sound too rigid - more like a statement than a conversation."
"hey dude...remember, you are asking this question to the average american driver, 99% of whom are freakin' retards. don't believe me, turn on cnn and look at how the line are going waiting for the ps3 to come out. people are getting shot over this stupid game that 2 yr from now you will be able to buy at a flea market for 25 bucks. nuf said!"
"others. we feel embarrased coz there are others watching us. if there are not, we won't."
make sure you have a really sharp knife.. . that will eliminate crushing the cell of the onion and causing sulfuric acid to make you cry. . also you won't cut your finger off.
"i think that people, men and women, become rich, because they have worked very hard and they deserve it! whereas, there are enough of them who become rich, because they have a good inheritance and they dont have to work in order to get money! thats really unfair!"
the simple answer are; they don't understand them and are too lazy to change this. they are frightened by them and wish to remain ignorant. they have made a concious decision to ignore them in the hope they will go away. they are just like 99% of the world and stupid.
"do a google search with the last name and city and state in quotation marks. . another thing that is okay to do is to call the co-worker and offer your condolence then ask either where to send the card or which place is taking care of the service. i would avoid telling them you are sending flower a most people will say ""ahh you don't have to do that"" but deep down the effort is appreciated."
because i can have my c. o. c. k . and eat it to.
"""colorado: a land of ski slope and snow. i can;t wait to hit the downhill and slalom.. . ""oh, i understand you'll be in town a well. maybe i'll watch you play in the evening, eh?"""
"there must be some reason that region ha slanted eyes. maybe the sun and wind make it neccessary... notice that northern european have slightly slanted eye also, esp. norwegian and finnish."
"sandwiches. noone ever said that's the best thing since pie. instead they say, that's the best thing since sliced bread, which is the defining part of a sandwich. plus they are portable and don't require a fork."
"schopenhauer, in his ""eristic dialectics"", point out that you tend to stick to your opinion, because even if you can't prove it now, you might be able to prove it later.. . so, sticking to your opinion against evident proof is just rational behavior."
"i always just do candy maybe pencil and pens, small notebooks, erasers, certificate for mcdonalds, burger king, arbys. or maybe a certificate for roller skating or one to use at the concession stand at you local movie theather."
"hey mick d,. . try these personal locator sites."
stock market answer to profits.. the only way company suffer is when they are heavily taxed and also the consumer because their price go up
mullet (persons hair): usually jump when the unfortunate individual wearing it jumps. this mostly applies to heterosexual people a gay have better taste.. . mullet (fish): predator avoidance and aerial respiration. this also applies to the heterosexual fish.
"a gaeilge (in irish). saoirse (seer-she ""e"" a in the word ""shed"") = freedom. saor (saer) = free"
"it wouldn't make any difference anyway, they have been doing it since the beginning of man and now a day are different way of making babies. surrogate mother or invetro."
"yes, french is spoken in morocco. heck no it is not the native language! if you want to get really picky, berber is the native language of morocco-- the berber were around long before the arab rolled into town. at present, there are two language and five total dialect spoken in morocco: arabic (moroccan dialect and saharan dialect) and berber (tamazight, tarifit and tachelhit)."
it's kind of like having a potluck dinner amongst friends. you plan one day a month/week/quarter/whatever and everyone cook up something to bring and share the recipe. you can set theme or just let inspiration roam free. once really nice thing to do is collect everyone's recipe and then put them into a bound volume to give to your member at christmastime.
u think wrong about urself.think positive.thrust urself then c how it works.just set a goal n then tell urself that u can achieve it n then c you will b success in it but don't loose your hope before u achieve it . don't loose your hope by saying that u r not successfull in your life.1 or other day you will be success.
"be honest, tell him that some of the others invited are uncomfortable with what just transpired on public tv. tell him you think he may feel quite uncomfortable dining with people who are not ""thankful"" that he is among them. then just tell him that you hope all go well for him and that he'll be exhonerated of the charge and that you wish thing were different. i assume the last part is truem but you know what people say about assuming."
"traditionally speaking, when you hear three knock on the door and there's no one there it mean there is a death forthcoming (at least in the irish-german tradition i am familiar with a both the irish and the german side of my family have said that's what it means).. . my grandmother's mother had been in good health but one day when everyone came home (she had stayed behind for some reason), she told them that she'd heard the knocking and that she'd be dead within the year.coincidence or not, she actually did die within the year."
representational of the union between god (the masculine) and the goddess (feminine). priest and priestess invoke the god and goddess into themselves and re-enact the union that created all life.. . at least that is the pagan perspective... not sure that it wa the author intent.
get it appraised and authenticated before you sell it. you should shop it around a little also.
"buy some nice fresh peach and a packet of ""cobbler mix"" from morrisons. cut the fruit in half, remove stones, place down in a large dish. make a cobbler mix and use a directed on the packet (like put it over the peaches). don't spread the mix out, just dollop it on - that's how the dish get it name - it look like cobble stone in a dish."
the wechsler adult intelligence scale (wais) is a standardized test normed for yielding an intelligence quotient.. . personality is evaluated with the minnesota multiphasic personality inventory (mmpi) primarily utalizedfor diagnosis.
isn't anyone listening to what keyser is really saying? wake up and smell the coffee. pay attention people..........
"the modoc war wa started when the british started selling kangaroo meat without prior consent of the australian's. obviously, the australian were right..."
"no, but a half crazed looking, drunkard one legged bum who looked and smelled to have been laying in his own feces for some indeterminable time did attempt to sweep kick me with absolutely no provocation while i wa walking down the sidewalk in downtown los angeles.. it made me laugh and i kept walking.. you really got to be some sort of low life to really get some satisfaction from going out of your way to assault a helpless person like that. doe it make you feel grown up because you can do something cool you saw on tv? doe that make you feel strong or good about yourself somehow?"
"it mean infiltrate america through colleges, universities, internet that muslim are all about peace and love when they're infiltrating america from the inside out. all people who don't become muslim should die. america should be overtaken. wake up people!"
"of course the birmingham 6 were guilty,. year later, with the changing tide of politics and public feeling towards the left,. the govt allowed ""technicalities"" to be introduced to the case that ultimately lead to their freedom.. so let not be naive...they are guilty."
"the roman empire in the west had ceased to exist in 457, charlemagne wa in 800 just a bit late. a for the east, they had an emperor of rome ruling from constantinople, and had not need for an upstart in france.. further, he did not control or rule rome, but france and part of germany, plus benelux. of this, only france had been part of the roman empire."
"there are several way to convert raster to vector, depending on what kind of software you have at your disposal. if you're using illustrator, use the ""live trace"" function. see link to tutorial below."
"if the bible are their property, you have no right to stop them. it doesn't diminish your faith for another to not have faith."
"read his word! talk with him in prayer...look for his answers. be patient...god promise that those that seek him with all their heart, & mind..shall find him!"
i haven't heard of this word before even though lithuanian is my mother tongue. are you sure this is a full word and it is not something like 'vafliuku' (wafer) etc.?
"you don't (and can't) convince the world... because people will always have their own opinion and take on the situation and you, unfortunately, can do very little to change that.. . that's my experience a a jew (and israeli). i think you have to learn to live with the pain and stop caring what other people think of you, because people will always put label on each other. it's their way of making 'sense' of the world around them..."
"most of these suggestion are right, but not all fart ignite. what make fart ignite is the amount of methane gas in the fart."
"eat some glitter, glue, and watercolor paints. then you can crap yourself some cool kindergarten pictures!"
how would you define an i.d.i.o.t. moment... get lost you bigot.
because living forever would get boring! and there would be too many people on earth! not enough space!
"wheel ha the meaning of turning about rapidly in various directions. deal ha the meaning of carrying out transactions. together they come to mean engaging in the advancement of one's own interests, especially in a canny, aggressive, or unscrupulous way."
neon are a kind of cathodic ray (physics).the glass tube are moulded into specific shape for advertising purposes. acrylic and vinyl are man made substance derived from oil (chemistry).
"well stupid people are everywhere and this question is very raciest. just because a person black white , green, orange or purple doesn't make them trying to be like anyone else just make them trying to better themselves. also if you were truly someone friend wouldn't you want them to get better with themselves a a person"
if an egg float then it is off - this is because a it rot gas are given off (which cause the rotten-egg smell). the gas get trapped inside the egg making it more buoyant so that it floats.. . test it by buying a really fresh egg and putting it in water... you'll see that it sinks!
omg....i think i just got one like ur talkin about...my mother in law just brought me one from down south...and they were like the bean will taste so much better cooked in them...my mom told me to do this...and i did and yea...it worked.... i washed it out with hot soapy water ....and then i boiled some plain water in it...for awhile...okay i get paranoid bout thing like this ..so i did leave it for a good while....when i had finished with that i rewashed it...again paranoid...it wa prolly already clean....i then just cooked my beans...u know plain pinto bean with salt and i even used some salt pork thing...they turned out great...or so my family told me...i didn't try them...cause i am on a diet...but they all said they tasted super good...good luck..and hope this helps!
i hope it doe offend people though.. . it's obnoxious and actually quite sad. people just don't care enough about it to take an interest in it and actually better themselves. i don't think that people actually consider how badly it reflects upon them.
"hi, the first thanksgiving wa when the pilgrim celebrated their making it to the ""americas."" they had turkey at their feast, thus it ha become a custom since then."
the book need to be adapted to a screenplay by a screenwriter. story is a good book about screenwriting. adaptation is an entertaining movie about writing a screenplay.
"bigelow earl grey tea is my favorite. it ha oil of bergamot, which give it a unique, slightly citrus flavor that i find just perfect."
"it's november 11, and it wa the day when world war one ended in 1918.. . it's offically celebrated on the second monday in november since 1978, but it ha been unoffically celebtated since 1938 a 11-11.. . originally it wa to celebtate the end of the great war, now it celebrates all person living or dead in the armed force of the united states."
"half board is breakfast & dinner. all inclusive is breakfast, lunch & dinner & some if not all drink"
"back in the day...we used lard... but now time have changed...it isn't really the food, a in any culture..it the way it is prepared. i have put a stop to the lard..and went for olive oil...food even taste different...but everyone know butter and lard give it's flavor...as for a sub...just watch the salt and oil...other than that...the only health risk i can think of...is your body getting tired from all that ""junk in the trunk"""
"there are many younger people who have the wisdom not to make the mistake in the first place and they listen to their senior - it's possible, but not a norm. young people have lot of energy and have strong desire to explore - sometimes the desire for exploration will outweigh all other considerations, since they don't think the consequence are strong enough to detract away from exploration. they think their energy and youth will be strong enough to easily explore all choices, but some find out that's not true."
"especially ask...what's with that word? why do people find that so hard to say?? it's usually a certain ""culture"" that ha trouble with it....and no, i'm not prejudice,i'm just saying..."
"eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eeat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, at, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat,eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eeat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, at, eat, eat, eat, eat, eaeat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, t, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, eat, and duh eat some freakin' more! what kinda question is that?!"
"this depends on your nationality. if you are a eu citizen, for example, you don't need a visit visa. you can enter and stay for two month without restrictions. having a hotel reservation or the name of the legal person that will provide for your accommodation will help to avoid problem in the passport control."
"bbw mean ""big beautiful woman"" (plus size), d/d free mean drug/disease free, j mean jewish, d mean divorced, w mean widowed (swwm would mean single white widowed male), bi mean bi-sexual, l is lesbian, and g is for gay. i think that should about cover it. :)"
"firstly to the scientoligist that said that will help firstly scientology is a pretty weak set of belief for weak people ,even their founder wa a fool who stole the majority of his concerpt from other cult and magickal order , you can't help someone by making them transfer from one brain washing cult to another.. . secondly i would seek the professional help of qualified counsellor or physiciarist to help you deal with the addictive personal craving and ideal which many cult use to manipulate the mind of their follower , these are usually centred around group dynamic and diminishing the worth and value of the individual , cult generally also create contempt and distrust to the outside world , so indivuduals are scared of breaking away or being exiled from the group , mediatations , mantra etc. which relate to the invidulas self worth can help over come these damaging effect"
"the main effect (ignoring trade deficits) is that it drive up interest rates...when the government run at a deficit and ha to borrow to cover their expenses, they issue bonds. these bonds, which are considered very safe, compete with other borrower for the lender's money."
go to the greene king museum and get mashed. other than that the place sucks.
"the arrival of white american following the louisiana purchase lead to an end to native sioux life due to the depletion of the buffalo. the ghost dance, a ceremony intended to call back the buffalo and send away the whites, gained prevalence a the sioux attempted to regain their pre-contact lives."
the one that kill are a whole other side.. . muslim are a peace loving people and not all of them are like that.
"-a biyatch or bitch is a female dog or other member of the canidae family. in colloquial use, the word bitch is often employed insultingly to describe a woman a malicious, spiteful, domineering, intrusive, unpleasant or sexually promiscuous; it may also be used to refer to a male subordinate to another male (especially in prison to show domination over another). a bitch can also refer to somebody, usually a woman, who is rather rude or inconsiderate."
u tell her frequently the power that is locked in her and the thing she can do if only she will to. u tell her frequently that she is very talented and very good and should learn to trust her ability and attitude. :-)
"the language is english, not ""american"". in brazil, we speak portuguese and in other latin american country the speak spanish..."
"bob came out to play stand for b. o. b. that is battery--opperated--boyfriend , a vibrator !"
"tenochtitlan, (nahuatl for ""mexico among the stone-cacti"") wa the capital of the aztec empire, built on an island in lake texcoco in what is now the federal district in central mexico. at it height, tenochtitlan wa one of the largest city in the world, with over 200,000 inhabitants.. . the city wa largely destroyed in 1521 by spanish conquistadors. mexico city wa erected on top of the ruin and, over the ensuing centuries, most of lake texcoco ha gradually been drained."
"reality is to see, think, and understand the same a the majority of people.. . those who are the exception are diagnosed a mad."
... and why are you asking this in portland category? just curious ... it defies my own logic .... is it because oregonian have a naturally superior intellect and you were seeking this? rofl!!
"there are dredger that go out and dredge load of silt fromthe bottom of the sea in the gulf, they then bring it back in and siomply put it in the water where they want to make their island. eventually they will drop enough stuff on the seabed that an island will be created.. . i saw them doing this last year when i wa working out there."
"yes, the 8 fold path is much more profound in my view a well. all of the 10 commandment could be contained in just a few of the 8 guidelines. right action and right view would probably cover those 10. to me, there's something much more attractive about a suggestion than a command."
"mind is matter. matter is the philosophical category denoting objective reality, transmitted from our sens to our brain to create an idea. idea is the reflection of objective reality a perceived by the mind."
"and cancer, aids, arthritis, etc. there wa a baby just born with his heart outside of his body. i could go on, but you know the answer."
you should be able to. i have never had a problem. just remember unlike cd-rw you can't erase them and replace them.
"sheet of white paper.. with the power of ur mind, draw a blank.. a blank is either,. a dummy bullet.. a spacer used in construction.. . or what my mind is right now.. blank!. and full of bullsh!t a usual!"
"ask the interviewee, in a professional manner, how she feel about nudity. then explain the scene or scene and how they are necessary to the film."
"if you don't want people to generalize, don't do any generalizing. don't say ""asians are stereotyped!"" while at the same time saying ""the stereotypical white chick assumes that asian have small penises""."
it tell the world about your culture and emotions. ldn by lily allen is a classic example - a bright upbeat song - but with a message. in fact you can't really get the message unless you watch the music video.
"slavery wa meant to be a way of paying off debt. but if the master wa to harm a slave the master is punished. and once the debt is payed they go free.. we are slave now to the credit companies.. . christianity, judaism see thing different than muslim religion."
"because they have to make a fuss when the press doe something that they don't like. i'm a christian, and people do stuff i don't like 24/7. people who are like that need to get over it."
"you can't prevent creasing if you're gonna wear them.. you can iron it. cover it with a damp tee shirt, and iron over it. after, put starch to stiffen the shoe"
too 'old fashioned'.. . they wanted to give the program a new image - plus what used to be the news at 10 is now the news at 10:30 most nights(itv).. . the news at 10 is what used to be the nine o'clock news (bbc).
it mean continue to follow blindly.. . cult leader jim jones lead his follower to mass suicide via poisoned kool-aid.. . .
"smarter that most of you are expecting to be, more educated and very nice. why? because i'm "" a romanian person"" and i know very well, for example, that kafka wa not a football player."
"do you mean bse by any chance? (bovine spongiform encephalopathy, or mad cow disease)"
"the ridge don't hold the dip, fall right off. it's a gimmick they trademarked."
because it brings up possible controversial truth that the church doesn't want people to see. like that the church may be lying about alot of things. it brings christianity into question.
"if you find out, let me know. my credit card debt is astronomical."
"social action theory 1) traditional action, 2) instrumental action of the goal itself. 3) value rationality 4) affectual action . they are an 'ideal' types' and exaggerated so that they can measure feature of society for their simmilarities and difference against the model."
"happiness. it's much easier for me to express depression or sadness. when i feel very happy, there's something in the back of my mind telling me that it won't last."
"they don't. animal can be killed at any time, in a number of ways. they're not allowed to be deliberately tortured, but they are allowed to be killed in way that are painful, if it's deemed necessary or useful.. . human have restriction on when and how their unborn offspring can be destroyed."
"the thumb and index finger actually make a cross +, and therefore we show our love of the cross by kissing it!! the other three finger represent the holy trinity, the father, the son, and the holy spirit!"
"once you left france, there's not much you can do . probably they will apologize to you and give you a free ticket or a voucher.don't expect much."
"water and egg (sounds crazy i know) absorb the smell and taste around it and because water is flavourless the foul flavour is more obvious, the best thing to do is put the water in a covered glass jug and keep your food container covered or in covered tupperware. also keep cut onion tightly sealed a well a garlic and give the fridge a good clean out with disinfectant and keep baking powder in the fridge to absorbe the nasty smells."
"pure ethnic will likely disappear in time, but strain always resurface (it's called recurrent). a for the language, no it cannot merge. there will always be people that don't move from where they were born, that are not mixed into the global net and that don't have the slightest interest in what is happening outside their universe. look at the us, most have no idea of how japanese people live, still we're talking about advanced interlinked societies."
"why is unanswerable.. . how, imo, is far more interesting."
"you can change your attitude just by resolving to do so. if you really believe that you need to make change in your attitude, the first thing is to know what you are doing wrong, and start right from today, from this very moment to do thing differently. you have to practice a lot your new tactic for doing thing differently, but what you cant do is say ""i'm gonna start my change tomorrow, or next week"" 'cause then you'll never do it."
"gift certificate to clothing or music store are always good. or you can get concert/sporting event ticket for around $100, if she like that sort of thing."
george carlin said it best.. . this planet will shake u off like like a bad case of fleas.
"gotta be ""it's a wonderful life"" with jimmy stewart.. . because it demonstrates how the life of one small person can have effect on the life of so many others."
a spiritual person is one who ha faith in a belief and a superstitious person is one who belief in thing that are generally accepted a unfounded. it is just a thought but it could happen that one day belief in the supernatural could become generally discredited and then it too would be superstition.
"prejudice is judging people before you really know them,mostly in a bad way,the word prejudice reminds me of the novel "" pride and prejudice"" elizabeth judged that mr. darcy is arrogant without getting to know him for example.. how to measure it?you watch yourself and see,do you make cruel judgment about people you see for the first time??if so,change the way you think by concentrating on something nice about them.find the positive thing,it may take an effort but it's much better.. . god bless you :)"
please look at your question and re ask it so a people can understand what it is that you are asking. but gossip can hinder your quality of life because it can make known to people thing that are not true or thing that you just didn't want known.
"there is the r sound.. . there are hiragana and katagana character for ra re ri ro and ru. however, there isn't an l sound so that is why they use r for l. there isn't an l sound in japanese. there aren't any character in their language with that sound."
"if you go to a local doctor ,with a medical history from your own doctor you will have no trouble getting a prescription filled . i live in malta and when my father stayed with u her for the last few year of his life he needed load of different pill and had no trouble getting what he needed but be warned medicine can be pretty expensive her.. i hope this help and that you enjoy your stay. greeting from malta"
"seven year wa quite good going for something a perfect a that. there wa a great deal of to-ing and fro-ing from jerusalem to lebanon; much quarrying of huge block of stone, much cutting of cedars, olive tree and pine trees, very careful measuring up and fitting of woodwork, elaborate craftsmanship of the fittings, a great deal of gold work. all this wa done by hand and there were no mechanical mean of conveying the raw material or the workforce. seven years, a i say, wa very impressive for something a intricate a this and solomon's own palace took thirteen year to build -- nearly twice a long!"
the color of the shell. otherwise they are nutritionally identical.
"apart from greek word having been incorporated into english especially in scientific and philosophical language, the relation is very distant.. greek and the germanic dialects,(which english originated from) parted company in prehistoric times.. they both belong to the indo-european language group."
i had one removed yesterday for accidentally posting it in the wrong category.... . i wanted to know who ha seen 'casino royale' and did they like it?
"at least 2,038,836. i'm always running into variation on deviled eggs."
oi love coconut but not addicted to it. now i fancy a bounty.
"* in slang, it mean an illegal plot but it can also mean a playful . leap(or hop), or a prank.. . *it also mean a picked flower bud used for dishes, sauces, and relishes. ;)"
i am in this group and we meet at xmas and i somehow always use to get this woman's book that she got free on regilion in the mail . they had tissue a bookmark and then we were suppose to hold up the pressents and act happy. it wa a streach on my part . it wa like not only did i get something i didn't want i had to act happy about it too
"the mold a little chocolate cup. then they turn it upside down, fill w/ liqueur. then top w/ a cholate round and heated slightly to melt the two piece of chocoalte together."
you are so right! tarzan obviously place great value on looking like the modern man!
you're sweet. try a gift certificate. love the rainbow bro.
"id say google international volunteer society or something. also a lot of university are big on community service, maybe you could get an organization on some campus in ecuador or whereever to recruit and what not.. . good luck"
"shakespeare is still being observed by the masses, it is just cleverly disguised a new stories.. if you watch underworld you will see similarity to romeo and juliet.. a lot of his work is being re-worked and told in different ways."
"just present your marriage certificate to the english embassy. they will issue you a permanent resident visa a you are married to an englishman. i do not know how long it will take for you to get a work permit, but it should be a formality a opposed to a needs-based application. again, the marriage is key."
"generally, the eye close to shield them from flying debris, a in that jettisoned from your nostrils. if you want to be blinded by a booger, fine -- i'll close my blinker until the sneezin' is done."
the best way i found is to get a rice cooker from an asian store. work every time.
you bid by the plate. without knowing your menu i can't help. but i have to say i am concerned if you can't handle 400 ppl without a game plan.
"it depends on what food you like to cook the most...basil, parsley, oregano, garlic, hot mustard, dill, cinnamon, cumin, nutmeg, paprika, cayenne ,poultry seasoning, and beef stock are staple on mine. i would suggest reviewing some of your favorite recipe and see what you will need tokeep on hand.. . . (spice island spice rack)"
"picatta. . a classic italian dish that consists of chicken or veal that ha been seasoned and floured, and served with a sauce made from the pan drippings, lemon juice and parsley."
"the nature of economics is such that your money always run out long before the month does. it is thing like unlimited demand chasing limited services, and snotty, arrogant, spoiled 8-yr old with no income and no appreciation for value waving fistful of 100 dollar bill given to them by their rich parent just to get them out of the house."
"i read somewhere that many year ago they were filmed with blue tinted light a they were illegal, so no one would see from outside the room wot wa going on!. seems a bit far fetched, so dunno if it's true!"
"oh dear. it's like asking how to say dancer in european. there are hundred of language in africa. one of the more well known african language is swahili, where dancer is mcheza ngoma."
"who ever she is, she is of no consequence to you.. i am sorry for your loss.. i hope you will feel like smiling this year, i'll bet your dad would not want you to grieve too long, but remember him with joy."
white people say that people will call them racist if they have an organization and i believe it's the other way around. white people are under the mentality that if they have an organization for themselves that will make them a racist. so they complain and say that they will be called a racist.
"because he himself refused to blindly follow. . . how's that, christians?"
"i think she (or the scriptwriter, that is) made it up. i've heard on something being ""dead-on"" accurate before. maybe it's a new jersey thing?"
"the greek theater had no curtain, trapdoor, or other mean to conceal anybody or anything, so they kept onstage activity simple. the theater wa quite large and the actor wore mask to portray character and emotions, so they could be easily seen from the back of the theater. they couldn't be changing expression all the time; activity were highly stylized and formal. the emphasis wa on the psychological and emotional effect of what happened, not on the physical actions."
"so that they can get promotion at work, and be able to get somewhere in life!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
toy r u is good for toys. . :> peace. .
"have you contacted the various latino embassies? i live in dc and there are many fundraiser for these type of organizations. also, you could host a fundraiser that feature different regional culture and focus on foods, musics, wines, etc. that way the community feel more involved."
"depends which program you're using. if you can see squares, then you're zoomed in, and the logo is smaller than you see it. you want to make sure you looking at it at 100%. if you're entering an actual size in cm, you must make sure it's at 72dpi (dots per inch- that's screen resolution) if it's for print, you want 150 dpi."
"""shiites"" is a misspelled dirty word. ""sonny's"" is a barbeque restaurant in the south east united states. i hope this clear it up for you."
"because when somebody is sat on a river bank in the warm sun, with the peace and solitude, the mind is emptied of all thought and the angler is lost in dream with the worry of the world left behind. it doe not matter whether a fish is caught or not, it is the supreme relaxation that put all the ill of the world in the background and transends time and space. my age decrease by ten year everytime i fish."
"to hug a man, unless he is your husband or dad, you maintain a space in between your body and breast, you do the one arm hug, the sideway hug or the pat on the back but your breast can't touch. if it is a woman we tend to think any hug is okay."
"check online, want ads, yellow pages. then check his/her refrences."
"mainly because the muslim community will not distantance themselves from terrorism and they are intolerant of other beliefs.. . if they don't like the uk and our culture and values, they are perfectly free to move elsewhere."
"a chiefly 20th century philosophical movement embracing diverse doctrine but centering on analysis of individual existence in an unfathomable universe and the plight of the individual who must assume ultimate responsibility for his act of free will without any certain knowledge of what is right or wrong or good or bad.. . sorry my answer is gobbledegook, but then so is your question.. !!"
no they don't realize it. their parent didn't teach them.
"a band rider detail everything you will need in the event of a show - this could be specific band gear, instrument accessories, sound equipment, etc (once you get bigger, you can start including food request and such). . . a stage plot is an overhead detail of how the band is set up on stage - instruments, mics, monitors, other plug-ins, anything that need to be on stage."
"if you mean talk down to black people, then believe it or not but not all white people do that. people are people regardless of race, religion, sex.....it's all about attitude. positive attitude begets positive response."
actually it not blue just appears to be blue. it appears blue due to the scattering of light. u can ask this question in the science community to get a better answer...
suffering in and of itself isn't evil. evil is the intentional infliction of suffering upon the weak and the innocent by men with the absence of love in their own hearts.
several. one wa you got to eat every day...lots of folk didn't.... you got paid...granted not a lot...many folk didn't.... most likely you got killed before you got fired! ...that's a plus.... i guess the biggest draw for most wa it got them away from the cities...cities were a nasty stinky thing back then...oh yeah i guess they still are...
"they were forced to leave their home and moved to a reserve in oklahomo. so many died while going there, it is known a ""the trail of tears"". this part of the genecide come under ""manifest destiny""."
put it on your new partner and lick it off! ;-)
"brilliant question. i believe it is the cultural layering we get a we are socialized into our various ""clans"" (religions, class structures, value systems, etc etc). this formative experience shape us, mold u away from being truly empathic and into being more regimented and con-formative."
"the french wanted fish and furs.. the dutch wanted land to compete with other european countries. problem is, because of poor management, they lost those land (new york) to the english.. . tx guy"
"lol there is always going to be someone that is naive or just plan stupid all the way around. i work at a flower shop and people call all the time and ask if we do fresh flowers, i just wanta reach into the phone and out the other end and smack them but in the end you can either laugh about it or say something about it to them and that outcome probably wont go so well. my advice smile and move on to the next one."
"you have no reason to trust any ""group."". look at individual and judge from there."
"there is an article on wikipedia for november 10. the web address is cited below.. . while nothing is reported of much spectacularity for november 10, 1985, keep in mind that november 10 is the u.s. marine corp birthday, with party all over the world. there is an excellent chance that someday we'll find that some fantastic person wa conceived on november 10."
"at one level, the availability of food other than strictly local.. . but, on another level, the sharing of idea about food is now worldwide. we use and savor food and recipe from throughout the world.. . the crusader brought back spice from the orient - this spurred the great age of discovery."
let me see if i understand this. you are stranded but are able to access the internet?
life`a piece of sh*t . . it`s just the way these twat deal with it
"literacy simply mean to be able to read and write. education, on the other hand, mean to acquire knowledge to enhance one's ability to reason and make sound judgment: however, when one is instructed to only view thing in a certain manner, regardless of truth and facts, this is actually a form of programming - not education."
check in online 24 hour before your flight. we just did that on sunday and we got section a.
"most airline will allow you to check in your bag up to 6 hr prior to flight. however, you can not leave the airport once you check your bags, that is considered abandonment."
"like any job, those easiest to get aren't worth it. go after the best, and if you have to resort to a bottom feeder you can be sure they are hanging around looking for refused talent. good luck!"
below is a link to an answer i gave on this a few day ago -- so i don't have to repeat myself :). . peace.
a concience exist to help u do whats righit instead of what wrong. it s good because it make u realize thing and bite ur as when what u did hurt some one
"it mean stupid and, sometimes people use it when they have nothing else to say but all together calling someone retarded not only is mean but if someone is retarded then thats not that person fault and if someone make fun od a person that is retarded then thats just sick. and calling someone retarded is making fun of the retarded people. like if someone called someone stupid blond thats in affence to the blond"
"sad to say but bad ha been all that is very evident in these times.. and to those people who have had a lot of bad experience in their lives, begin to associate it with everything and see it in anything. sometimes we should also try to consider that there is no bad thing if their is no goodness. it up to u now to see it either from our eye or from our heart the good thing that still exist around us."
"it depends on the context and how it's pronounced.. 1. it could mean ""done or finished.. 2. it could also mean ""stop it or knock it off"", especially when it is repeated, like ""how-la how la"""
"a a general rule of thumb, anywhere outside your home or. anyone el is considered a public place!"
"aussie's have this tradition of dunking a tim tam or in some country called a pengiun biscuit (it's original name). we bite both end off it and place just one open end in the drink, usually tea or coffee, and then suck the other end, drawing the drink through the biscuit, yummy tummy!"
"hold the nib over a boiling kettle (being careful not to butn your hands). this loosens the dried portion of the gel and enables writing once more.. it isn't putting water or heat, but somewhere inbetween."
"i just wrote an essay on this. there are multiple reason but three big one are the invention such a the cotton gin, steam boat, and the mechanical reaper, the new type of transportation such a railroads, canals, and highways, and the last on is the social effect such a the factory provided more job for people so the people were making more money,therefore resulting in a high standard of living (larger homes, poor people even benafited b/c the wa sewage systems, and hygeine), the gap between the rich and poor shrunk (large middle class). also when you are writing your paper show some negative such a the child labor, how factory had long hours, and some negative to some invention such a the cotton gin (required more slave so it tore the north and south further apart). if you don't want to write about those three you there are more you can chose from those are just three major ones."
"it is a non-profit association identity breton,whose goal is the. promotion and official recognition of the breton language (breizh). and cultural identity.. and it is a breton domain .bzh"
it mean what you put out is what you get back time three.. . so if you put out negative energy - it will come back to you three time a bad.. . if you put out positive energy - it will come back to you three time a good.
salt is used for protection a well a purification. depending on your spell or ritual is how it's used.. . sea salt is best & table salt can be used a a subsititue.
it's not actually a custom. it's usually found in area where the air is very humid. the rice prevents the salt grain from sticking together.
"good question -- the same can be said about this business of torturing people forever in hell just because they could not believe the gospel. (it is rather hard to believe in invisible things, or in thing that one is told and for which there is no proof.) but if god love to hate the people he supposedly loves, then that's the way it goes."
actually holly the mesopotamians were the first to invent a method of a written language--cuneiform. :)
"i actually clicked on your name, looked at what he'd written, and looked at what he had chosen for best answers. based on what all i've seen, he's doing it purely to get a rise out of others. it sickens and disgust me to know that there are people on this planet who have to get their kick this way. he need to seriously get a life."
"think about god, and his perspective in all that you do. talk to god a a friend a you go through your day."
"it's strated by magic! (btw, do you believe in magic!)"
i think it mean you're welcome and you have a spelling mistake there .. its. dou itashimashite
"rather than the usual swing and roundabout in a children's playground, i would have thought additional structure built like castle and fort filled the norm for a fantasy playground. a chain bridge linking a low castle to a mound to cross over, large pipe laid on the ground for crawling through. any (safe) structure that let a child use his or her imagination - playing knight of old, etc.."
they're called rosti potatoes. slice them thin and if you have a well seasoned cast iron skillet it will work great. rosti potato are just potato that are pressed into a flattened pancake shape while browing in hot oil.
"marriage, like god, is a manmade concept. thanks for playing. we have some lovely gift for you backstage."
"ice kacang is served with crushed ice,syrup on the top, mixed with some thick sweet milk(tin susu),local nuts, local jelly,sweet corn..believe me that's really taste good. ice kacang is malaysian desert,our favourite."
you can go to walmart and purchase a scanner for around $40. this way you can take your time and scan a many photo in various resolution in your free time. this can be an expensive process if left in the hand of a third party. it usually take around 40 second to scan and save each picture to a folder which can be copied onto a disk.
"just tell him that it would be no easier for you to turn gay than it would be for him to turn straight.. . tell him he is a good friend, but that he of all people should know that you can't control what gender you are attracted to, and you happen to be attracted to women.. . he should be able to understand and respect that. if he cannot respect that, he is a jerk."
"i'm sorry i don't have a favorite dish... i have many favorite dishes... if i start i wouldn't stop, cause i love to eat--don't worry, i exercise it all off :). . just give you a few... oxtail, sweet and sour fish/pork, lamb shank stew, pork rib stew, chicken curry, fishhead soup, etc.. . i don't know why i love these dishes--think it's the taste, taste so yummy to me!"
take a stand my boy!!! one race! the human race!
relax your mind. concentrate and try meditation or tai chi to help you regain your powers.
"all of mankind ha a sin nature. they know how to do wrong they must learn to do good. roman 5: 12 wherefore, a by one man sin entered into the world, and death by sin; and so death passed upon all men, for that all have sinned: the lord jesus christ died for our sin if mankind would only believe and trust in that."
"are you meaning it need to look like a stage theatre where actor perform live?. if so, then the thing to think about is ""what make a theatre look a it does?"" the legitimate theatre (as it wa once known) always ha certain element of design: a seating rake going upward toward the rear; an elevated stage; a proscenium arch; and maybe shell-covered footlights, and lot of seats.. a far a creating the set, i can't help you there, but i can suggest an idea: try using large sheet of cardboard, like from a refrigerator box that's been spread-out, to fashion your set wall and arch. you can also use cardboard for other elements, like a silhouette of some row of seats, etc."
"over developed hippocampus, you have an awesome spatial ability regarding memory. your personality also see in totality not just tunnel visioned focus."
in my opinion pepsi is sweeter than coke is. like i said strictly opinion.
"there is and will always be money for hardworking, prudent people. but, unfortunately, most people fail to set their priorities; we fail to recognize our want from our needs. most often we splurge on 'nice' stuff because we feel we deserve them and end up losing our hard-earned money or, worse, end up in huge debts. it's really just a matter of prioritizing and control."
"the simplest way to look at it is everyone want to be free, but an individual cannot be free without impinging on others freedom. so in a sense you have to work yourself into a position of power to obtain the right to impinge on others freedom. this is why all men can be created equal. but we all must join organization so that we can fight to remain equal or a better way of seeing it; we are fighting to become more equal than the other guy... (who ever is trying to impinge on your freedom) so to be happy we must maintain this illusion of freedom and organization help u do that."
"extra virgin olive oil is the oil that come from the very first pressing of the olives- it ha the least impurity and the least amount of processing- no heat or other method besides pressing wa involved in obtaining the oil.. . i have an article that get more into detail regarding the different grade of olive oil and how they are obtained, if oyu are interested, email me and i will dig it up for you"
by drinking coffee and make stain on the tea stains? joke
"well, so long a it's not the ""milk mustache"" which spread onto your skin beyond your lip, just apply red lipstick - no one will know..... . of course, kissing your boyfriend will also rub off the red wine...."
"there are current in the air, just a in the ocean. they use the known currents... jet streams... to speed the flight."
"that's easy. just watch the history channel for a day, and then look up that other guy."
try to face your fears!!!!but i don't know what is the appropriate term for the phobia in electricity...i think it's electrophobia...hehe..
"the reason why we cant see them is becase the are not there! but they can see u you know wile we eat poo, master you know master up and down jumping skills!"
"it is definitely misspelled. i am sure it is in portuguese, but with lot of errors. the right expression is "" ei voce serum especial para mim"" (portuguese),meaning ""you will be always special for me"".. in italian ""you'll be always special for me"" is "" tu sara sempre speciale para me"".. hope that is of help.. have a great time!"
"freedom is the abilty to get to chose what it is you want and do it. but it also mean not stepping on others just because you can. you should watch braveheart, it's a very good example of what freedom is."
stop stereotyping theater girls. one of my closest friend is a theater girl and she doesn't act like that at all.
"i normally sleep, eat some more, do stuff with my new presents, and watch the boxing day cricket test and have a few beers. it's a ritual for some australians. boxing day is normally recovery day from having to do family stuff the whole day previously."
perception is what or how you understand thing via your senses. it is subjective and your perception of an event can be very different to that of someone else.
"well in the christian religion you can molest child and kill people and all sort of shiit and then repent and go to heaven.... . . however, if you live a meaningful life and do good, give to the poor, and etc.... you die without jesus you burn in hell.... . how fu cked up it that shiit?"
"because most of the jew were kicked out of ""the promise land"" when the muslim came into power. they lived and thrived in europe (ancestral home of white folk) for centuries. there we can find plenty of reason why they would lose their tan. after wwii, the jew were compensated for the holocaust with the creation of israel."
"abiogenesis - ""the generation of life from non-living matter. today the term is primarily used to refer to theory about the chemical origin of life, such a from a primordial sea, and most probably through a number of intermediate steps, such a non-living but self-replicating molecule (biopoiesis)."". . be amazed at the wonder of the universe, and give god credit if you feel like it."
"well, the story is fiction, but dan brown used real fact to make the story more interesting. thats what hyped everyone up so much. they could rela fiction and learn at the same time?! holy cow now thats innovation."
"the word ""human"" and ""monkey"" are merely term used by the homo-sapien species. however on a scientific level, we share 98% similarity in gene with primates. doesnt that sould more objective?"
people will always have stereotypes...especially about people that they are jealous of or secretly admire...dont even worry about petty stuff like that though...youll just end up hurting yourself for no good reason.... . besides.... . cheerleader rule =)
"have a glass of water between each beer. or failing that, drink at least two glass of water and try to have something to eat before you crash out. the water will help flush the alcohol from your system and re-hydrate your brain and the food should help absorb alcohol.. . have a fantastic party :-)"
"try this: buy some diet grape kool aid and mix it with sparkling water. it's great and totally satisfies the sweet tooth. and keep looking, often the generic store brand are where you'll find assorted flavor of diet soda."
"it digital camcorder. now, try to find out what it mean online...."
"no, there's nothing you can purchase to get you through the line faster. all you can do is use the fastpass, which actually doe help a lot at time and make the wait shorter. if you're staying at a disney resort you can take advantage of the extra magic hours, when only guest are allowed into the parks. the park are usually significantly le crowded, and even at the most popular attraction you can literally walk right on with no wait."
"booze is the answer. i don,t know what the question is."
"surat al-furqan (arabic: سورة الفرقان ) (the criterion, the standard) is the 25th sura of the qur'an with 77 ayat.. . the name ""the criterion"" refers to the qur'an itself a the decisive factor between the good and the evil. the meaning of this word is to distinguish between good and bad."
who knows.?.. allah is a bit strange.. for an alleged creator....of all living things.... . i guess evolution is in trouble.... since according to it we all come from ape
"he wasn't in love--he just loved her. just like he love you and me. prostitution is a sin, but no eviler than any other."
"very warm and humid. i wa in that area last december and it wa hot! i didn't see much rain though! go and enjoy, you will have a great time."
one is that christmas is celebrated on dec 25. biblical scholar believe that jesus wa actually born in the spring.
"because he is at the beginning and end of time. . revelation 21:6 ...i am the al´pha and the o·me´ga, the beginning and the end..."
"because there are some people who behave like the frog who wa born, bred and livedin a well and insisted to a bird who visited the well bottom, that the well is the only possibility of what he understood a the universe.. . a they said in the movie ""matrix"", ...the oracle only told you what you needed to know at the time.....*mysterious music plays*"
"while i'd like it if immigrant learn english, putting up sign in other language only help tell people the message the sign wa put there for--as long a multi-lingual sign don't become a requirement, no one should be upset that someone put up a sign in two languages. . . most clothes aren't made in the us--the multilingual tag probably just make it easier to sell the clothes in a worldwide market."
a unique view of himself. and most often it is a claustrophobic inclination that motivates .
the marine corp league in our area just did a flag disposal ceremony . they had a tub under a metal pipe stand and they would hang the flag on the pipe stand and salute it a it burned. the boy scout troop helped with the ceremony here.
how about b-b-que chicken? put some b-b-que sauce on it and slowly bake it till done. easy and fast.
"apparently you haven't worked with a group of men, because they put woman to shame. be careful with that ""pimp hand"" cause you might get a bigger ""bitch slap"" back at ya...at least you would from me, meathead!"
must have originated from sanskrit varsha mean rain. . . hence varshit may mean raining
discard one by one all those thing that either disturb you or give you sorrow. soon you will realise that it is our bloated ego that is the root cause for unhappiness. we need to remind ourselves how small we are in this vast and varied universe and learn to accept everything a it is and everyone a one is without seeking to change anything or anyone to our liking.
"one way is to take a piece of bread and toss it into the oil. if it fry to a crisp pretty quickly you're ready, if it just soak up the oil you're not quite there."
carve them with fine point tool that can eat a bit at a time do not pry down on them to force the cut upwards. making a chop is a personal thing a it represents you so take your time dental tool and exacto blade work draw the image you wish to have on the chop backwards so that it will print correctly when you are done cut around the largest part of what is to be left on it face then gently remove the excess to leave what you want. when carving on it hold it in a clamp or small vise with little pressure so a not to crack the stone soap stone carves very easily so use light cutting action
"vanilla bean ice cream ha little speck of ground up vanilla bean in it. often the color of the ice cream is a light yellow or ""arizona white"" color.. . ordinary vanilla ice cream ha no speck and is nearly dead wite in color.. . i've had both and like the speck and the slightly stronger flavor i found in the vanilla bean variety."
"you could try telling yourself people have a right to change their minds. but then again, once people make a decision, they should stick with it to avoid ambiguity."
"i learned, way back in fifth grade, that classical music is best to listen to when you want to retain information and rock music is supposed to have the exact opposite affect.. i learned in college psychology that your sense of hearing can affect your other senses. the louder the music the lower your ability to see or focus on something you are looking for."
god is the way.... you can't do any thing with out him. just try...one time...only one time to read his word maybe you will find out an answer for your question just be honest with your self.
"watch her video over and over, and pretty soon you will pick up the choreography. happy dancing."
when you push on the lid doe it move up and down or is it solid. . you want it to be solid and not move and not make any noise. if it doe it not sealed properly even thought the lid it stuck
"there are 1.2 million black-owned business in the u.s., a figure that rose 45 percent from 1997 to 2002, according to a report released yesterday by the census bureau. there are roughly 23 million u.s. company total.. . see link below for article."
"nobody know if the mith is real.the mith wa invented by platon(he is the only one who wrote abt. it),so nobody know if it was,or were it was.the mith say that atlantis sunk like 12 000 year ago,and the atlantid civilisation wa the most ample and smart civilisation in that time.some scientist believe the mith cuz platon wrote only true facts.. and they found alot of posible location all over the earth."
"the africa situation wa not about colonization (settling and developing new lands) but about impierialism (the land-gobbling, resourse using and stripping the land) for example brittan took control of many port city in india and china. they controled all trade there (except for a few french and dutch ports) impierialism is about taking a much land a possible. the power of europe used these area and the resourses to prop up there empire and keep trade restricted to their own people and territory (see also mercantilism) hope that helps."
"even if you stood in front of it, you wouldn't be able to tell it is the absolute truth. that's why you should avoid treating anything a the absolute truth.. . note, just in case: by 'you' i mean everyone. not just yourself."
"a combination of both the above answers, post ww1 there were several factor within the industry such a no leadership, poor party organization and a guilty populace that wa tired of inactivity within the country. in addition to this the poor economy certainly didn't help thing and a such hitler, through use of propaganda slowly but surely came into power."
your unconscious mind is pretty much always awake. dream are the royal road to the unconscious. during the day your unconscious mind lurks around the corner of your conscious mind and ha a silent iron grip over every one of your actions.
"i really don't know why you'd want to go there, however, southwest fly directly to k.c. from lax, a doe midwest and many airline fly into wichita. it's way too boring to drive it."
opt for poppyseed filling instead. you'll never use anything else again! good luck!
"eugenics. if you want to improve a heritable trait, which intelligence is, you must breed for it."
"bossa nova is a style of brazilian music created by antonio carlos jobim and joão gilberto and first introduced in brazil by gilberto's recording of ""chega de saudade"", in 1958, a song written by antonio carlos jobim, first released a a single, and shortly thereafter a the album by gilberto, bearing the same title a the song (1959).. . with antonio carlos jobim a ""guru"", bossa-nova acquired a large following right away, comprising young musicians, a well a fans, mostly young people, often college students. later on, people of all age and walk of life have also become admirer of the style."
i thik he being ironic on purpose just to see our respones so im going to do the typical american thing. . *unzips pants* *pulls out the beast and piss on ur boot while singing star and stripe 4ever* *wipes tear from eye with one hand eats burger with other god bless this country*
"i am a great fan of sausage too! all kind of sausage included.. be it chinese sausage, chicken sausage in bun or pork sausage for grillades,miam miam, i love them all :p"
"sipahi (ottoman turkish: سپاهی; also transliterated a spahi, sepahi, and spakh) wa the name of an ottoman cavalry corps. in the form of ""spahi"" it wa the title given to several cavalry unit serving in the french and italian colonial army during the nineteenth and twentieth centuries.. . the name ultimately derives from the persian سپاه (sepâh, meaning ""army"") and ha the same root a the english term ""sepoy""."
"it left a lot of the guy sent to fight there so screwed up it ruined their marriage ,relationship with their kid and an inability to cope in society . that's just one negative effect. that war should have taught u a lot but it obviously hasn't. the guy sent to fight another pointless war in the middle east with end up the same if not worse."
"bologna, a in the lunchmeat, most likely originated in the italian city/town of the same name and so wa named after it. a more people began to use the product, my guess is that they started pronouncing it ""baloney"" a a kind of nickname. i have, however, heard it pronounced ""bologna"" in more formal situation or by older people(italians especially)."
"bigotry. if homosexual were allowed to get married, it would only effect those gay and lesbian who got married. it would not effect married straight people or single straight people at all, but some straight people are against gay marriage because of a dislike of gay people and want to deny gay couple marriage to make the gay couple life harder even though it ha no effect on their own lives."
to temporarily allow pop-up hold down the ctrl key while clicking on the link. hope that helps.
this is the first i have heard on this impending disaster... i have heard of several other but this is a new one... jim
"if you're attracted to both blond(e)s and redheads, how could you ever be faithful to one partner? exact same illogic.. . maybe it's that lot of people understand homosexuality and heterosexuality a opposite side of the same coin, that people are attracted to *a* particular gender; while bisexuality is more difficult for many to relate to.. . other answerer were exactly right to point out that monogamy, in/fidelity, and polyamory (open, honest, multiple love with everyone's consent and considering everyone's feelings) are independent of whether one is gay, straight, or bi (or unlabeled)."
"many people stick their finger in their ear and say ""la la la la la la la"" it a fact that 10 out of 10 people die.. i would think it would be well worth looking into.. may god richly bless you."
"the roman emperor constantine ordered the closure of all pagan temples, the vestal virgin were driven out of their home, the delphic oracle banned, the olympics (which were heavily involved with pagan religion) ended. it is said that in backwoods and remote rural area worship of the old god persisted for several centuries, but a the church gained power, these were gradually quashed. the church made a few compromises, such a saint's day and other holy day that coincided with date important in the old religion. the last pagan in europe were in the baltic area into northeastern poland, and were quashed a late a the thirteenth century."
craotians and serbian have been fighting for centuries. there's also greek and turks.
"i am cabin crew and the reason that the light are dimmed for take off and landing is because these are the critical phase of flight and accident are most likely to occur then.. in the event of having to evacuate, every one eye will be accustomed to the outside light..."
"it is possible to do this with a professional thin bladed carving knife (8 inch blade) and a carving fork.. . push the carving knife firmly into the top side of the ham so that it is perfectly stable. then point down, rotate the knife evenly around the side of the ham.. . i find it is easiest to do this atop a small round table, so you can work your way around the ham without interrupting the motion (or breaking your back)."
"contrary to the gimmick of jewelry commercials, woman want something that is from the heart. also whatever is on her christmas list."
it is a sign of the extreme lack of --- critical reasoning --- that exist a a result of our educational system and pathetic parenting.. . .
"rapist are the lowest scum of the earth. if they all died a gruesome, horrid death over the period of days, it would be too good for them."
you are right about tax being raised if everyone stopped smoking.. the nh would be on it knee if everyone stopped.. it becoming more acceptable to be a heroin addict than a smoker in britain.
horse about 26 of them run around a track to see who will do it the fastest. . p also a little man sits on the back of each horse & hit it with a little stick
"do you mean john, the apostile of jesus christ??? if so, john wrote the apocalypse book (aka armageddon) in the bible.... also, i believe he wa a missionary and brought christianity to the greek islands, among other places...."
"introvert - shy and quiet. . strength: thoughtful and contemplative. weakness: don't speak up when they should, especially when around extrovert"
no there not the same. sun blushed are maranted in oil and garlic and herbs. the tomato aren't dried completely either. sun blushed are better.
erm well for starters...... stalking is not good... it one of the many sign of madness ...... why not just ask him outright?? ie 'are you gay'? if he turn and run at least you know where you stand ;-)
"i wa at work. i got paid time and a half to eat a big lunch and watch football. yeah, not a bad day."
"voucher are just a good a having cash. you call the airlines, decide where you want to go and when you go to pay, give them your pin code and they will deduct it right then and you pay the difference.. . good luck"
"42. that is the answer to life, the universe and everything.. . 42."
"""believers"" in a religious sense have a strong devotion to whatever higher power they acknowledge a sovereign.. . hypocrisy is ""believing"" in something and doing the opposite. hypocrite are not believers, but frauds."
"if the artist is painting realistically, some consider it a challenge to create a perfect duplicate of the world. to be able to mimic what nature ha created is a wonderful test of an artist skill. but most of u like to create our own interpretation of the world, and paint what we see in our artist's eyes."
"the belief within wicca are diverse. there really isn't any one set belief. it is an earth-based religion, meaning we find all creation sacred, yet we do not worship creation. some wiccan are witches, some are not... that is a personal preference and not mandatory in order to be a wiccan."
"i think humanitarianism. . once we realized that all those indigenous heathen were wallowing in filth and evil, it wa a great turn for humanity that we allowed them to accept jesus and capitalism."
"if you want intricate detail see the link below. in a nutshell, methodist prefer to interpret the bible through reason and logic, a rational approach. presby's prefer a much more straight forward - what it say it is approach; almost no interpretation. a you would expect, a general rule between the two is that methodist are much more liberal while presbys are normally farther to the right."
the idea come from your life and all your knowledge . they have no form because it's the thinking to show any purpose and just can see the final result of them.
"consciousness or ""mind"" is analogous to a computer software and the functioning brain is analogous to the computer hardware.. . self awareness is a self referential residual self image of the objective self by the subjective mind. an inward reflection via a virtual reality recreation."
"í'm mexican living mexico city, and there's no web site info about people status inside jail, you'll have to hire a good lawyer or private eye to get news & wont be easy becacause of date of death, place (where in mexico?,some state will be extremly difficult to get this data) & friend's penalty (charge, acussed for?). you may contact an attorney at law working both usa & mex: mario f. gutierrez (956) 687 1827 mc allent tx or (899) 229239 in reynosa tamaulipas mex (add long distance code) he wil find news. call him, ask him at no charge. good luck"
"it mean book. biblio = latin for book.. . correction: not latin, greek"
"who says?. . white, especially a cream white is the new winter wear.. . you can wear whatever you want anytime you want."
"exactly a the others have said. basically not ""waxy"" smooth potato but potato that when cooked are dryer and more crumbly. if you look on your packet in the supermarket it will usually tell you the type of potatoe the pack contains, wether it is floury or waxy and what it's best used for."
27nov monday 15 22 to 1dec friday 20 57 hindu festival of mitra saptami.. . from what i can gather there are 12 festival (1 a month???) to celebrate saptami each having a different pre-fix.
"very safe. jordan is an open and free country. they don't ask your religion when you enter. there are jew living there just a there are in egypt and other middle eastern countries, except saudi arabia which is not a country, but another world where alien live."
"list i requres thought, forming an opinion and feeling. list ii doe not they are self explanatory."
"not all vegetarian choose the lifestyle because of ethical or moral reasons. some of them do it for health.. . in that case, it is easier for a person used to eating bacon (but ha been told by their doctor to cut out high fat bacon) to choose a vegetarian option that is called ""soy bacon"" or ""smart bacon."" these vegetarian may need a little extra help transitioning to a meat-free lifestyle, and food manufacturer are more than willing to lend a hand by naming their product ""x ground beef"" ""x burger"" ""x chicken"" etc."
it lack of love-christian love.only when there is that kinda love will any leader of government be able to make the right decisions.decisions that are right.what good can a leader do if his leader is not from the heaven above to rightfully guide him.we look for the answer to our question the wrong place thus make the wrong decisions.(leaders ad government included)
"if you mean colour for painting, basically, mineral (or synthetic materials) are dissolved in chemical that will make it workable, consistent and long lasting. the mixing of colorants however doe not work the way we mix our paint on the palette board since some chemical have different reaction when mixed (in the factory)."
"literally,spirit mean 'breath'. it is a life sustaining,invisible force,that ha a mind of it's own,,""....and no one know whither it come or whither it goes,so is the spirit.""one of the way spirit becomes energy, is when you speak,""...and you shall say to this mountain..."" one of the way spirit becomes life, is when you inhale and exhale."
"i am not sure what part of the country you are in, but here in az the 2-liter of diet cherry coke is available. i would call a local bottler or the coca-cola company directly to see if it will be made available where you are. chance are it may not have sold well there and that is why you cannot find it. good luck cause it is yummy!"
hot people are usually really full of themselves. there are people that are not hot that are still really attractive.
you trim off about an eighth of an inch or just enough for lighting. both end need trimmed if it is a well rolled cigar.
"get your club name out in public a much a you can! make shirts, put up signs, banners, flags, handouts, flyers, anything that you can do to get people to notice your club and find interest in it. make sure that they are eye catching. hope this help"
from downtown take the n or w subway to astoria boulevard / 31 street then the m60 bus to the airport. . $2 with metrocard free transfer.
we are the offspring of gods. our purpose is to become god and multiply and replenish the heavens.
"aristotle, plato's student, wa a greek philosopher, but his work participated and improved field like physics, biology, logic, ethic and politics.. . aristotle's and plato's work had such a drastic impact over the ancient world, that their writing were the baseline of two of the most known school of philosophy.. . he is also known a the father of biology, because he wa the first to write about life, spirit, and noted the scientific aspect that differ human from other life forms."
"if, and only if, you are speaking of fighting with fist. most do not because they want to be part of the ""gentile civilized society"" and those who would fight, often don't unless there is no alternative. otherwise they just bull out a firearm and pop a cap into you. no mus , no fuss, and you don't even have to break a sweat."
the company bought the story from a writer. each movie is written by someone different. that's how.
you get to meet new friends. you get to be aware of what is happening around you. you get to be in touched with reality.
"the protection what we understand in it mundane sense is to keep the life going in a protected form, but god's way of protecting the soul is to liberate it from the cycle of birth. attachment with the mundane world ensures rebirth, where a knowledge of the ultimate truth by god's grace help in liberation from the cycle of rebirth. god never fails in protecting his devotees."
"mass communication mean you don't know all the people your communication reaches, like a billboard or television communication.. . with personal communication you know exactly who you are communicating to, like a letter or phone call.. . mass communication reach more people, but it is more expensive and more difficult to get a more complicated message out."
"do you really believe it is that oprah? if so, i have some prime real estate in iran to sell you."
"cause they are good, yummy. . :> peace. ."
the question begs another question.. why not write it yourself? it is your life. you know it best.
whoa! stop smoking da grass man it making you paranoid.
"it's because the whole werewolf-ism thing wa originally just ergotism, or ergot poisoning. people got it from eating rye bread that had been contaminated with a certain fungus, and that caused them to have hallucination and convulsion that would just be attributed to lycanthropy or witchcraft."
"you are very smart, because you've diagnosed your own problem, which is called hypo-arousal. it's a learning disability. i believe you can overcome this, with some professional help. good luck."
"the soy in the milk is actually used throughout congestion medicine world wide. ancient meso-americans originally discovered this unique substance and used it elaboratly throughout inca and myan rule a a form of medicine. although, it did not stop death, it easily cleared nassel passages. thus, soy milk result in the exact same way, by clearing your nassel passage from congestion"
"honestly i dont understand who are born agains. are they baptized during adulthood or they confessed and started living better,"
"or bird flavored or (a particular favorite of my cat) lizard flavored?. . and when the manufacturer say ""better tasting"", how do they really know that?"
"the ""worst"" accent i ever heard wa at a place called brewwood, near coventry..in a sudden summer downpour we found ourselves seeking shelter in a small delightful pub..a few of the local were all standing around the bar doing the same:waiting for the shower to pass. what wa really frightening and charming to me wa that we couldn't understand each other in conversation..it wa all like gibberish..i'm canadian and i suppose they were from the midlands...interesting that we were both speaking english but really couldn't grasp what each other wa saying..but i can't say that there is a worst accent..they're all charming...but this wa laughably funny."
"getting together with family and friends. showing peace and goodwill toward others, which includes helping out those in need."
"spray it with a fixative, then mat it and put it behind glass. the fixative only last for a little while but the mat and glass will protect it well past that point."
what the f#ck have you came back a ????. your picture is shocking lmao
"the truth is what really is. since we use language and our sens to know the truth, we are always at least a little off on knowing what truth is."
it mean you are careless or someone else's careless affected you. nothing like predestinated or foreordination or such like. you are the master of your fate.
"goodwill, salvation army several of them do you will have to call around to find out . good luck and god bless."
in-ter-net. san-ta. . y would u think they were the other way?
"just like it sounds! the liquid released from meat when you boil it with water - soup - just with all the meat removed from it. if you have a recipe that call for meat broth, just use beef consumme, or beef bouillion."
you have posted content in violation of our community guidelines. please be advised that your account may be subject to deletion without further notice.. but it wa funny a hell.
"economic determinism.. . it implies that all thing in society including institutions, laws, religion etc flow from and are determined by the economic substructure of the society."
"if u mean how to be a millionaire in egypt then here r the steps: first u have to steal a good sum of money, then with half that money give it a a bribe to the judge who will be in your case (in case u r arrested). after u r freed forge some paper that prove that your money is from a legal source and start a small project with it. dont forget to make another one with alaa mubarak cause without him u will be nothing!! so the keywords to be a millionaire r: steal- bribe- forge and alaa mubarak!"
"there wa going to be one built opposite switch island but the council said there would be issue with parking and land usage so they put a stop to it,. . the place they were going to build it is not that far from bootle where most of the robbin get come from (im a manageress in a shop and we lost 6grand of stock in 5 month and it only the size of a medium newsagesnts!)"
"it measure the relationship between inflation and employment on a x-y axis. it is depicted a a downward-sloping curve. the curve implies that the relationship between inflation and employment is predictable and stable and this led to the government tinkling with it thinking that the result are reversible. however, in the 1980s, the philip curve started to break down."
what were the nazis' policies? nazis' - policies. okay?
embarrassment - may-be they fancy that person !. or because they don't like that person.. or they could recent the person help/interference.. they might be shy. or have a lack of confidence.
"this ha happened to me before with some passive-aggressive people. i treat them with great skepticism and caution even if they act friendly... trust ha to be earned and regained slowly over time. it's possible i'll treat them normally in the future, but if their action were ugly it will take awhile."
1) sex is pleasurable. . 2) to be a close a possible to someone you love.
the answer to life the universe and everything:. . is of course 42. . even google calculator back me up on this one :p
are you ricky martin?. no?. then do not attempt
doe 'nt the word holiday originate from holy day. what english people call a holiday (as in seaside) the american call a vacation.so calling christmas a holiday seems ok to me.
"we have a timeframe for when jesus wa born, taught, and died. we know where jesus wa born, where he travelled, and died.. we have writing from people who lived in jesus' time, and saw jesus.. . hercules, his story seems to be foggy with details. i would guess that the writer of these story didn't claim to personally know him or have seen him to my knowledge."
"if you are lucky it's a miracle. if a kid get's murdered it's god's will. christian's define .01% a a ""high success rate"" when it come to answered prayers, and consider that to be evidence that prayer works. and you think that the remaining 99.99% failure wa simply the will of god."
"your whole premise is wrong. of all the civilized countries, the u.s. ha the least atheists."
maybe you should first figure out the correct name of the sea. if you dont know the name of the water you would be fishing you have no business going on a dangerous boat. so stupid!
"the brit abuse everyone, including themselves. some is done between friend and is accepted here a fun... if they really disliked them, they would not bother even speaking to them. however, some people are xenophobic and see abusing foreigner a a source of amusement... but they tend to be in the minority. but a we are a developed country, freedom of speech within certain boundary allows people to say what they think... and parent are not blind... often they are of he same view of their child or have been so restricted by the law the mp's have made, they cannot chastise their children!"
they are like steak made from ground meat and spices. originated in jalisco.
to make your own story. and make a movie for god.
"the reason it wa made illegal in the first place wa because the oil from the seed can be used to fuel an engine, and so the oil lobby, along with the medium who were making profit from cutting down trees, found a way to make it illegal. the law wa passed a a part of the tax law, which introduced the name marijuana, so that nobody would realise that they were restricting the use of hemp."
"the part i remember most is:. i have a dream, that my child will one day be judged not by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character."
it is said that genius prefer the color green. many genius are often misunderstood a being madmen. there you have it.
"skanky white diamond perfume. my husband got it for me for christmas before we married and said ""it must be good it's what my mom uses"". can't believe i married him after that!"
"be flattered. you can't stop them from doing it unless you stop dressing that way - if you're hot you're hot, can't do much about it. (how do i stop straight male hitting on me fullstop?)"
semi-sweet is the type used in chocolate chip cooky and it is slightly sweet. bittersweet ha no sugar in it and is used in recipe using sugar or other sweeteners.
"depending on your use, you can add starch or stabilizer (like xanthan gum, guar gum, locust bean gum, carboxy methyl cellulose, or alginate) to make your drink viscose without changing it flavor and color. you may heat it a little but not boil it. volume would also be the same since you will only add about 0.5% of this."
"stud are basicly male of all specie that are primed for mating, aka. good breeding stock, like, like ....well, like me ! !"
"because iraq invaded kuwait. if the u.s. were to take over kuwait, it'd make them hypocrites. the u may be powerful, but they're not (always) stupid."
"a lot of muslim disagree with a lot of the thing that we do here. but, many of them learn how to deal with it. they continue to practice their religon. many of them continue to worship allah and bow to the holy land 5 time a day."
"yeah wait till you see her new dish. . it pork fat, rolled in bacon with a pat of butter then deep fried in lard you serve it with a side of pork rinds. with clarified butter for dipping."
"cook boneless/skinless chicken breast in butter, olive oil in skillet but first cut into strip and pound flat with mallet or bottom of heavy skillet. cook about 15 to 20 minute and right beforedone add chopped onions, red and green peppers, mix that together and top with slice of american cheese and slice of provelone. serve on hogie roll. yum"
"although i am a fan of sweeny todd... i absolutely love . ""into the woods"", maybe i think it speaks more to the human condition, and hope, dreams, and weakness we all have.. . and on the plus side, most of the tune are fabulous, and stick with you for days, if not a life time!"
yes. in texas we call you hobo and vagrant
"the 2006 tree wa selected by ted bechtol, deputy superintendent of capitol grounds. in several previous years, the capitol's senior landscape architect matthew evans selected the tree."
it will in about3 more hours. didn't get any wed. so should be a bunch today!!
"don't know the origin but i think it is interesting that hitler wrote his book called mein kampf. mein kampf mean ""my struggle"".. the word jihad also mean struggle. interesting, huh?"
"hi,. iam also a drawyer.draw more picture which make everyone attractive.join in all contest which you prefer most."
be aware there are negative moral influences.. choose their role model wisely. learn the difference between being a hero and being famous.. choose their friend wisely
"she didn't say why, but it just didn't make sense to wear a chef's jacket for the show, when she doesn't usually wear one when she cook on her t.v. show. i think she thought she would look like she wa trying to be something that she wasn't. i personally liked that she kept it real, that's why she is so loved by many people."
"christianity strictly forbade the carving of god images,but the catholic church made the image of jesus and virgin mary.. . catholism disobeying the bible by making the image of god."
"the same way almost every other superficially based stereotype affect a society, i.e.: it marginalizes and ultimately alienates a portion of the population."
"maybe she know of a trait in your family that you all cannot react well w/ gin. it stinks, anyway."
"keep in mind that boston is much more likely than dc to get snow...although it doe happen and it pretty cool!. . today the difference in temperature is only about 2 degree fahrenheit, but usually i would say the temperature differ by about 5 degree fahrenheit."
"because it can be manipulated to allow only the party line to be seen, read, or heard. the truth evaporates. propoganda replaces information."
"i wouldn't admit that if i were you. i hear that bumping and grinding is a reflection of how well you perform in the bedroom. and if you need tips, well... tee-hee!"
"cucumber are awsome for a sandwhich. cumbers,lettuce,tomatoes,mayo or a dijon mustard with salt and pepper is a wonderful feast.. . jan"
"because these people have one hand on the wheel, and the other hand is holding their cell phone. no hand left to turn on the signal. how dangerous is that?"
"most work visa are issued for area of skill shortages. your husband may qualify for that type of visa - if he applies for job in australia where the employer ha not been able to get a suitable local applicant then the employer could sponsor you and your husband to come.. you would probably not be able to live in brisbane/sydney or melbourne - but smaller regional centres, darwin(particularly the mine or oil rig out of darwin).. it would be worth your while to check with the department of immigration - i am sorry i don't know their website.. when i completed the paperwork for an employee i had no problem and the visa took a couple of month from memory."
well depending on the city you live in she could start with local art fairs. if she is thinking mainstream she can copywright her work and send it to publisher or art dealers. the city i live in is really big on art so we always have art fair for local talent. tell you friend good luck and nice work!
the essence of you ! what connects you to god .. . through prayer & meditation we find our spirituality and connection .. . it is the absolute altimate experience .
"something that wa really fun and wasn't to expensive that i have done wa rent a jeep and go drive around the island. the rental wa only like $25 buck or something and we just drove around and did some awesome shopping. vanilla is a great thing to buy there, it a great quality and a good price."
"then sell them to your admirers. why would i want to contact you? i have picture i'd like to sell you, would you contact me?"
"ataturk wanted to westernise turkey and secularise the country. one method he employed wa to introduce western style headgear - bowlers, trilbies, flat cap etc. unlike the fez which ha no brim and can therefore be worn when praying in a mosque, the new style of headgear had peak or brim and so could not be worn at prayer."
it said so in the bible so man would never undrstand each other.. . coach
""" perferts "" ????? whats a "" perfert "" ?"
"not sure but they're all gold now with hint of turquoise, red, black and green!!!"
"brandy (short for brandywine, from dutch brandewijn—burning wine) is a general term for distilled wine, usually 40–60% ethyl alcohol by volume.. . cognac, named after the town of cognac in france, is a brandy, which is produced in the region surrounding the town. it must be made from at least 90 percent ugni blanc, folle blanche, or colombard grapes."
"i think the government should just make them legal like cigarettes. there is nothing wrong with wanting to smoke a joint or something to cure a headache. i mean really, that is better that taking a percocet or something and impairs driving le (not that i am condoning driving while on anything.) people are such hypocrite too when it come to drugs, everyone just need to relax...."
move to ireland.. go to pub often and drink lot of guinness.. marry an irish woman.. get irish citizenship.. . nobody will be able to say you're not irish if you do all of that.
extract the juice. filter and boil the juice until the water evaporates
"because they are very charismatic and predatory. people like him are obviously fake to me, however, some people are so gullible, they'll believe anything. especially if the one misguiding them is very confident and a good liar."
"i want people to remember that i wa a good person who loved to help pelple in need, but who also wa one who didn't like taking sh*t from bad people. this guy want to be the best kind of person he can be, but there are limit to his kindness, and when people deserve to get his ugly side, then that's exactly what the get. goodness receives goodness, and evil and ugliness receive my my own version of god's wrath. sorry god, don't hold it against me, i am a fallen angel, afterall."
"maybe you are displaying the characteristic of a troubled mind, needing release of a deep seated problem , that is absorbing you to the point of paranoia.. . what ha happened in your life that ha brought this occurrence on?, maybe if you can address this then you will settle down and be more relaxed.....seek professional help if need to, a it will only get worse....cheers and good luck"
"my niece teach history. she explained most witch were woman who held land independently through inheritance (widow, daughter, etc.) accusing them of witchcraft made the land available usually for the accuser to take possession."
because of the dermatome and nerve and they way they conduct pain to the human brain. stop hitting yourself
"it is a piece of red bell pepper, usually roasted and put in an olive. you can buy just the roasted peppers. they are real good."
"an orgy is a group of people having sex together.. . ""prudish"" mean someone is a prude - they are more modest, le likely to to be sexually promiscuous, etc. even though people may use the word ""prude"" a an insult, it isn't a bad thing. it's just a different way of seeing thing that have to with sex."
maybe he wa at the book signing?. thou shalt not upset those that believe in faerie tales!
"the story of adam and eve is just that a story , a fiction, a fantasy;primarily designed to exemplify and instruct.. the reality ha been debunked over and over again .. it therefore bear no impact what so ever upon science."
"a they say, ""it's in his kiss."" but...i think more so in the eyes. right up there with love is respect - so if he feel both of those towards you, you're totally good to go. and my guess is if he truly love you, he will greatly respect you."
i believe you can also set the 'bulk' folder so it deletes everything immediately. that way you don't even have to deal with it. i have found that anything that is in my bulk folder is nothing i am interested in seeing anyway. way easier than trying to sort through all the garbage people send out.
"that's strange, because i have had to work at where i am at now. i wa not ""blessed"" with money, boyfriends, and a great life previously to what i have made it.. . ever heard the saying, life is what you make it?"
"it's plain white sugar. it is called ""granulated sugar"" in recipe to differentiate it from brown sugar."
"you have a point, but when the sw became part of (or wa stolen into) the united states, it inherited the pre-existing holiday and celebrations. . . but cinco de mayo is honored and celebrated all over the us, even if it only mean happy hour pricing on margueritas in maine."
listen to some music while you are doing them. it will lift your spirits. it work for me everytime!
it could be that something about you ha dazzled them.. you caught their attention and perhaps they'd just like. to get to know you better.
"the word mesopotamia derives from the ancient greek for' between the rivers'. it denotes the area of land between the euphrates and tigris river (mostly in modern day iraq). the region wa never refered to a mesopotamia by the people who lived there, it is only a descriptive name for that region, and wa inhabited at various time by several kingdom - the sumerian then the babylonian in the south, and the akkadians, then mittani, then assyrian in the north."
cooky don't rise. cooky are supposed to be flat if you want them a little bigger you might have to make them thicker but you cannot make them rise.
"you sound like a 90 year old grandfather. let people do whatever they want, no need to get fed up co you don't seem a cool."
"sethians believe in an alternate version of the story about paradise in which the snake ist actually the good guy, not the devil. in this paradigm, seth is the wise man, wiser than cain or abel.. . if there are any sethian churches, they are probably few. the only one i have heard of is the ""knights of seth"", although i do not know where they have actual churches."
"nepenthe wa a drink (or lotion) that, in greek mythology, you could use to forget all your troubles. poe us it when the narrator wish to remove the pain of losing lenore, even if it mean forgetting everything."
"you are a hueman being,spirit,unconditional love,""god dwells within you a you"", you are god expressing his vision of himself. wake up. you are the life of the body, you lived before you had this body and you will live after it is gone."
"i don't understand your question. you appear to have answered something you weren't asking. how is it possible to state ""all men and woman have it through their life sometimes"" if you don't know what it mean already?"
"the obvious answer would be catholic believe in jesus and judiusm doe not think jesus wa christ (or savior of the world a christian believe). all the difference that come along with that pretty much sum it up (ie jewish-old testement catholic-old and new testement, etc.)"
"i wish i could tell you, but that's what i've been wanting to know, too. hope someone can tell us. from what i've seen, it's never been mentioned on the show, either before or after she disappeared. good luck."
"the word schmuck ha become common in american english meaning a detestable person, or a jerk. the word also mean a stupid or idiotic person. in these senses, schmuck entered english a a borrowed word from the yiddish slang for foreskin."
it is not true to say that country that have received aid have not brought themselves out of poverty....you cited korea which did in fact receive aid in the aftermath of the korean war. another example is ireland which received significant amount of aid in the form of ec structural fund and is now one of the richest country in europe from having been one of the poorest only 20 year ago. it is how the aid is administered and spent that is important and it would be wrong to cite 'hard work' or lack thereof a a reason for a country's poverty i am sure that the majority of people in the poorest country in sub saharan africa work very hard-there is just le of a payoff.
no sensible christian would.. it go against all principle of being christian.....
am a bit unsure what u really are asking here. but i would say that pollution is a major hindrance to the taj mahal & government is aware of this & is trying to curb it but how far they will succeed is not sure.
"this date wa chosen to coincide with the roman festival marking the birthday of the unconquered sun. (the new encyclopedia britannica) pagan held ceremony to get this source of warmth and light to come back from it distant travels. december 25 wa thought to be the day that the sun began it return. in an effort to convert pagans, religious leader adopted this festival and tried to make it seem ""christian."""
"i agree. i for one, am even more offended when black people use it, because the worst kind of degradation is self degradation. certain black people need to show more respect for themselves and their people."
"two totally different potatoes! the ""sweet potatoe"" is a white potatoe shaped simular to the yam however, very different in texture and taste!. the ""yam"" is a bronze/orange colored potatoe, very sweet , stringy texture, great for carmelization, and is commonly used in the dish refered to a ""sweet potatoes""!"
"seriously, in the us, it's because of the hard line christian who have taken over the gop (republican party) and are trying to turn the country into a fundamentalist theocracy. the jerry faldwell fundies are a minority in this country, and they are trying to run the majority based off their narrow view of chrisitanity."
"because you've created a well, a lower point for the liquid to settle. it's the same idea a when you dig a hole in the ground and water seeps in to it. you've just created somewhere for the liquid to settle. the liquid is whey, which is protein, so if you pour it off you are throwing away the protein and some of the nutritional value."
"they try to isolate the person from their family.. . they try to control the person money and where they live.. . they teach them that questioning the leadership is traitorous (or ""against god"").. . for starters!"
"it's easy. just open up your heart and express your thought to god. you can do it verbally or mentally, it doesn't matter. he will hear them!"
"nah mate, you are confused...maybe the majority of people like fair beauty but not all...tht depends on personal choice..... . normally, we human like the opposite of we have, thts why we human are never satisfied...india is a country where there are alot of people who are dark, so i guess they prefer something special, something different...."
i'm guessing it wa because of a dispute between the usa and spain. probably over territory!
it always ha been important. it's no more important today than it ever ha been.
"go to a speech-language pathologist and see if they can help you with accent reduction. if it came out of nowhere, i would get it checked out because that is very unusual to have an accent just pop out of nowhere."
i would say a very nice card and a fruit basket or a nice plant. another idea is donating additional money to your church.
"excellent question! i truly think that it is because modern american protestantism is the new pelagianism - and it is failing miserably...no matter how much they preach about ""grace"" and ""faith"" - the whole idea about ""i am saved now - i don't have to work on sanctification"" is bogus...and not at all what the scripture or the apostolic father teach. these neo-con ""evangelicals"" would have lasted about a nanosecond during the persecution of nero or diocletian. none of this surprise me....""all have sinned, and fall short of the glory of god."""
carbonated soft drink. . similar to soda water only with additive flavoring
do you want to send me a christmas gift ? wow unbelievable . thanks . merry christmas to you
it's called nucleated glassware. the rough surface of the etching allows the formation of bubble which then fall away and rise to the surface. it wa apparently discovered by a guy watching bubble similarly form on a slice of lemon in a carbonated drink.
"the weather seldom varies. temp. in the 80's ,rain in the morning .or occasionally all day. generally pleasant."
it will be much better if u looked 4 a girl in ur area arab gu.. to be ur gf!!
"traditionally, motel are hotel where you can drive your car right up to the door of your room, making it more convenient. the really nice place are always hotels, rather than motels."
"kaju 1/2cup,sweetless koya 1cup,ghee 2tbsp,onion 2,cardamom 2,cloves 3,cinnamon 1inch,salt to taste,kismis 1tbsp,sugar 1/2tsp.. to grind: dhania 11/2tbsp,ginger 1/2inch,red chilli 8,peeled almond 6[or] ground nut 15.. fry kaju in ghee and keep it aside.fry koya in ghee to golden brown and keep it aside.in the same ghee add sugar fry till it turn light brown,add cloves,cinnamon,cardamom.continue frying with grated onion till ghee separates.add ground masala and fry till good smell comes.mix well and add kismis.pour two cup of water and salt.when start boiling add kaju and koya.cook till gravy thickens.add 2 spoon of ghee before removing from fire.. variation: use deep fried small potato instead of kaju."
they have bread two generation of useless materialistic over policed people.. . thier kid are shooting up school because they give thing instead of morals.. . i hate hippies!!!!
"the purpose of the cauldron is to be a vessel for water, one of the stronger elements. it is necessary to contain the elemental form ( along with the various liquid it is a part of ) of water, in order to use the power of that element to invoke the spirit that are associated with it or offer thanks to the goddess, who created and replenishes all the elements. the cauldron is also a symbol of the goddess, a she is the vessel through which life is perpetuated again and again through the endless cycle."
what doe britain do for the world now? (apart from pollute it)
"for choclate covered pretzel and such, you would need a double boiler or two pot (one for water and one for choclate that would fit in the water one). melt the choclate and dip whatever in. it's choclate.....goes with everything.. never heard of choclate bark though."
"they don't realize that they have a problem. if they talk about how bad the abuse is, then they have to admit that they have a problem that they need help with."
"it's a nervous habit. when someone is nervous or insecure, sometimes they do thing like bite their nails, twirl their hair, giggle, twitch, tap a pencil, whatever. to get over it you need to replace the habit with something positive and incompatible with the previous habit."
"referring to a person a a crip or being cripped is short for ""crippled,"" a derogatory term for people with disabilities. (oftentimes, though, people with disability reclaim this word.)"
"it is a straightforward account of seeing a blue musician perform, told in the style of the blues, but which is able to convey something like yeats' thought about how to tell the dancer from the dance.. . singer and song become united in the same way that the speaker of the poem becomes not only a first-person narrator, but a third-person omniscient storyteller.. . ultimately, if it ha to ""mean"" anything, i think it's that the singer and the song have to be united in some way for the song to touch the real emotion."
find a good bible based church focused on jesus christ. there are missionary there.
"good question. but ya, i think it's to show authority."
forget about americans.. i think the politically correct way to address is by saying he or she is from a 'multi-ethnic parentage'. eg dougie is of chinese-american parentage or ditzy is of hawaiian-scottish parentage.
"well solomon married an ethiopian (most likely black) who said this -do not stare at me because i am dark, because i am darkened by the sun. my mother's son were angry with me and made me take care of the vineyards; my own vineyard i have neglected.- song of solomon 1:6 . . this is one of few place where skin color is even mention but, ethiopian are usually black so, most likely from thousand of generation of strong sun exposure."
"because their body didn't use a lot of melanin - the pigment that color hair and eye a well a skin.. . blonde hair is obviously the lightest color hair a person can have; blue eye are the lightest color eye a person can have (the only ""color"" that lighter is not a pigment color - it's the red or pink eye that appear in albinos).. . so a person with fair skin, blonde hair and blue eye appears that way because of very, very low level of melanin."
"i believe that parallel universe exist (as demonstrated in star trek) but they have worm hole one of which exists near my wardrobe and another close to my wash bin. somewhere in one of those universes, somebody is grabbing all my clean underwear, wearing it, and then tossing it back in the wash bin. i also believe then when we are reborn we can be reborn in any of the universes. so next time i'm hoping for the one with the clean washing."
no they wont change the taste.. but you want to use the right pan for the right job. a sheet pan is best for cooky and biscuit about 1/8-1/2 in deep. a roasting pan is about 4-6inches deep and used for roastin meats. hotel pan are about 2-4in deep and best for baking and steaming and food can be served out the same pan... all come in a variety of length
accomodation would mean that a different culture would accept someone's way of doing things/being. assimilation is where that culture incorporates the other's way of doing things/being into it's own culture.
most of them can't... i don't think i've heard many texan that can hide their accents.
i think the main reason is that it's very difficult to make a round box.. the question could be: why is a pie round and not square?
"make her something out of household items, something that you an make a tree decoration out of and she can hang it on her tree to remember you by.. . last year i made reindeer's out of clothes pins.. year before that i made little caroler out of tin cans, like pop cans.. . use your imagination.. you'll think of something.. . merry christmas"
i just note it and let it move on through. probably the different advice ha to do with the different purpose of meditation. your friend is meditating to resolve conflict perhaps? you and i are meditating to attain peace.
doe it? try changing the way you look at life...and thing will improve.
"in general, people who attack evolution barely know anything about it a it is. i seriously doubt they'd take the time to learn about any *other* scientific theories."
it ha nothing to do with coca cola!!!. the traditional story is at the site below....;
i feel that if you chose a religion for gain ... this is far from the right reason to chose. i came to my religion because life up until that point wa along the same line a the religious belief .... i held the same belief before i even knew of the religion. so it wa a simple progression for me to put a name to how i felt
"in brazil and in some spanish-speaking country a well ""gringo"" is slang for ""foreigner"", specifically those coming from europe, north america or australia. that mean asian and african are not considered ""gringos"", and neither are the spanish and the portuguese, because they speak the same language a south americans.. . i think it wa originally a pejorative word, but now, at least in brazil, most of the time it's used a normal slang, without a good or a bad connotation. although of course it also depends on the tone of voice and the context."
read blink by malcolm gladwell. it will give you the basic skill to know important detail when you first recognise them.
i hope you are using sarcasm to express the hypocrasy of many who claim to support freedom of speech.. . they support the dixie chicks' right to say all the trash they said but object to anyone who us their freedom of speech to protest & refuse to buy their album & refuse to listen to station that play their music.. . freedom of speech go both ways!
you'll never be happy until you are honest with yourself and accept yourself. and no one ever said that wa always an easy thing to do.
"maybe they're just so sick of racist they decided ""if you can't beat em, join em."" so they could be left the hell alone."
"give some subtle hints, create a pre-existing ""boyfriend"" if necessary. if unsuccessful, just tell him you don't think you are well suited. it will save you both some time."
1 small carton of heavy cream and a pinch of salt - shake approximately 45minutes - a a kid my gramma used a mason jar and had u kid roll it back and forth between us. that's it - you can use a food processor to and it'll be done in about 20 minutes. good luck!
"organic food is all natural--no chemicals, additives, or anything else. so, yes it is better for."
"it mean ""where are my pants?"" . and it mean you probably had a good night!!"
i wa told that the rover 45 wa a decent british car. ha! the one i bought must have been built in france.
"galaxy are a collection of billion of star system (like our solar system) all rotating about one central mass, called the galactic center. they are the largest ""structures"" in the universe, and there are a many galaxy out there a there are star you can see in the night time sky."
i agree with neil except change for the central line at stratford. you only need to walk across the platform there.
"be careful with this. read, read read a much a you can about this subject. don't get into the levitation until you know you are ready for it.. . when you get to the point you start leaving your body and soul drifting, if you are not understanding the feeling in your soul over this, you can freak out pretty bad."
"the basic theme are war, death, universality and nationalism. whitman's ""song of myself"" wa intended to stir nationalism within american regarding the current state of america, and canto 33 includes that idea."
rekishi. rekishigaku - study of history. kako - the past
"the hebrew word in the old testament (torah, and tenach) most commonly translated glory, is ""kawbawd"". it is most commonly associated with the lord (yahweh), and seems to pertain to a bright luminescent glow."
you shop till you drop!. and hopefully get it right...!
"it won,t work on a mobile mate. it only work on a landline and on certain days.. . good luck"
"the acid in the vinegar started to ""cook"" the meat. it is safe to eat but probably won't taste very good. you only need to marinate pork for an hour or two at the most especially if it cubed up!"
"try these websites, they are both great forum for expat living in spain. post a message on them similar to your message here. maybe someone will reply that is living near you and also want to make friend or they can advise you. or you may see a message on there that someone else ha posted.. good luck x"
those who treat others with respect. those who are honest and have good intentions.
i used to work in this particular overnight shelter. when it rained the place really filled up at night. going in the next morning and smelling 100 homeless people who are wet and have their shoe off while sleeping is without a doubt the worst smell ive ever experienced.
"i'm a christian, and i don't hate anyone. . anybody who claim to be a christian and go around saying they hate people of any sort isn't a christian at all."
"i would say it rather depends on your locally available nbc tv channel and time zone. 9am in new york city is 6am in california,so even though it happens at the same time, it is three hour different.."
"simply put: radiant energy from the sun power photosynthesis in plants, synthesizing carbon dioxide and water into sugar (which carry the energy). when we eat and our cell absorbs these nutrients, they are broken down, releasing the energy we use to power our own biochemical processes."
"i agree with you, we were instructed not to bow down to anything that is man made, i didn't know this until i read the bible and then i remembered all the statue and crucifix in our catholic church and wondered at why we would be so defiant a to make a statue of the virgin mary and kneel in front and pray when we were forbidden to.. . when someone we love is killed by a gun we do not make a copy of that gun and hold it in reverance because of it, that would be considered sick, so why do we revere a wooden cross that wa the object of death for our savior, it should be a shameful thing, a reminder of our weakness a human kind that we were too blind to recognize god walking among us.... . i don't know that movie would count though a they only tell the story and i have never seen anyone kneel or worship at a movie."
that's just what they believe...don't make fun of other people culture and their beliefs. you wouldn't like it if they talked about our holy bible. think about it....they probably think it crazy that we believe in only one god.
"to me it show confidence. if you can't look him in the eye it often mean weakness, fear, or deception."
i think that's stupid a hell how one race would get mad because someone of their own race is dating someone of another race.. honestly it's none of their buisness. society today is too nosey in other people's buisness. they should worry about their selfs.
this is a really good question.. . i think it's tougher for men because they have bigger muscle
"come to america! all of ours are blue, we would freak out over a red one.. . but i have seen the one you are talking about when i wa there in 1998. my friend from university where i wa studying in england told me that the blue one wa for air mail."
follow the following steps:. . 1.fill petrol... 2.start the car... 3.drive towards kanpur..
premature aging is mostly due to sun damage. black skin naturally block more of the sun damaging ray and asian tend to avoid the sun. white tend to like a tanned look and hence cause sun damage/aging to occur faster.
"more tongue action, make him c*m when giving him a bj. hold him, sit next to him, kiss him in public. sleep holding him, buy food he likes, tuck love note in his pockets. tell him you love him before he tell you."
if you really want to do some thing you can do it.. . it's all a matter of choices.
"when we learn how to ""respect"" each others.. . obviously the world lack this word."
why is this guy gay? if he want a woman he should be with one.
"none of the above answers!. . a double room ha 1 double bed (prob what you are looking for if it you and your husband) and a twin is usually 2 singles, although can also be 2 double in a fancy hotel."
i actually think that unmarried woman (hate the term spinster - sound awful) are so much more common nowdays and people are now quite use to seeing woman having a full life without having to have a wedding ring on their finger.. im not sure they are being judged a much a you think.. good luck to those woman i say !!!. . from a previously unmarried woman.
"a far a i know, jesus never referred to his church a catholic or protestant. he said ""follow me."". i am a protestant, but i really don't like to identify myself a a christian, because of all of the false church that are teaching anything but what he taught; so if someone asks me what my religion is i say ""i follow the teaching of jesus."""
"it's religious and ethnic. the ashkenazi (""german"") are central european and the sephardi (""spanish"" or ""iberian"") jew are from the iberian peninsula.. . my guess is the sephardi could be darker."
"oh man! not another person who claim to be the guru of knowledge spouting about religion, when you know nothing of islam and what mohammed did or didnt do.. dont go posting up hearsay junk you heard or read from a bogus website claiming you know it all... your ignorance is overwhelming... even someone who is not a muslim will laugh at this.."
"you can cut them thin and grill them with potatoes, onion and green pepper.. . you can wash them, poke them, and bake them in the oven.. . you can peel them, put butter and brown sugar/marshmellows on them and bake them."
"the american seceded from a colonial power, while the french people deposed their own government. the french revolution and the american revolution both lead to declaration of right and a new constitution. after the revolutionary war, america wa left pretty much to her own device, while france wa left to fight a number of war with royalist power around her. the french revolution wa followed by a period known a 'the terror/la terreur', in which former normal sympathizers, real or suspected, were murdered and executed, while thing went smoother in america."
"apart from mythology, you are right. the underworld in uk mean gangster operating above the law, in u you could say the mafia."
"essentially they're the same thing, only margarine usually attempt to have a more buttery flavor. oleo is just short for oleomargarine."
i've always had good luck with travel agents. they have many choice for you to compare. plan far ahead.
"it's akin to having their crutch kicked out from under them...this is also why religious people tend to hate atheist and agnostic so much. they take offense to anyone who didn't fall for it, like they did."
hyostee seemed a little unsure whether she had the correct answer or not. i'm fluent in esperanto and i can tell you that she got it 100% correct.
a: peace. b: save/invest/be generous. c: live a christ
i have a great book called the oil and acrylic portrait painter's pocket palette by ian sidaway. isbn 1-85076-722-x
don't know. i have never heard of gaines burgers.
"we're immigrant of more than britain. the hype is about illegal immigrants.. and if there were law back then about immigration, they would have been pissed at the european a well."
"in russia, it's 10p to use the tube, which run on time through clean and well decorated stations. we have a lot to learn."
yes and yes.. . the difference between imagination and reality is our perception. if you hone your perception and cultivate awareness then you will learn the difference.
"the pizzle i buy for my dog is hard and dry, sold on a cardboard flat, wrapped in plastic. any decent-sized shipping envelope should be plenty large enough.. . pizzle is dried bull's wang, and is sold a a dog-treat. maybe you are talking about something else..."
"in the christian believe, the church is actually the christian people that are born of god.. . and they are to gather together."
"nothing ,that's a last name,that's from spain ,ponce is also a city . in port rico"
it could be the chemical works. there are large salt mine under the county and this is used a a raw material in many chemical processes.
"whenever we honor the united state and the armed forces. we need to honor those lady and gentleman who have, are, and will continue to preserve our freedom we hold so dear. we need to honor those who served because "" all gave some and some gave all. "" what better holiday are there than those to pay tribute to our hero ?"
"microeconomics is related with firms, companies.. macroeconomics is related with all economy of a country.. . micro mean small. macro mean big"
"you can eat all the red 'pips' including the nuts. best way to eat them is to half the fruit, then use a teaspoon to scoop out the red fruit into a bowl and with your finger pull out the pith (yellow skin) that hold them together. then when the bowl ha just got the red fruits, eat with a spoon and enjoy!"
"plain don't fly, but plane do. the forward momentum and tilt of the wing creates lift under the wing."
the only reason you have to live is to continue the human species. you are here by a fluke. given this one in a million chance you should take full advantage of it.
"study show that when people lie, they look down and to the left. the left brain is the creative side so they look to that to think of a lie.. good luck!"
"theology is rooted in written religion and prescribed belief while spiritualism is free style and dogma free. the spiritual but not religious person doesn't adhere to a particular dogma or way of believing. it also encompasses a wide range of possible belief about the existence and nature of a higher power. theological religion however, ha a set idea of god."
he wouldn't sit still for long enough to be painted . but thats satan for you! so unreliable!
"there is a possiblity that if you have an old house that someone who died in the house or lived in the house is still there in ghostly form.. . they just do not want to leave the house. it is not your fault but something that happened year ago, to cause that ghost to want to stay around"
"pretty good stuff.. it used to have rock candy in it when it wa introduced at one of the world's fair 100+ year ago.. now it just ha fruit (as a sweetener) in it, although i think you can still get a brand with the candy."
"pound for pound it's cheaper - mostly because pound for pound it's much sweeter than sugar. in america where there's an abundance of corn available it's cheap to manufacture, and thus you can use much le of it to attain the same ""sweetness"" with a small amount of syrup than for a larger quantity of sugar.. . interestingly, however, i believe that it's actually more expensive in europe, because they don't exactly have a ""corn belt"" there or the government subsudies which encourage production. therefore, coke is still sweetened by sugar and ethanol from corn is not really much of an option for gasoline additives."
"a plantain is not a banana, but it is from the banana family. you can eat it in various stage of ripeness but it always need to be cooked unlike a banana which is eaten raw or cooked."
"the u is a republic since we do not vote directly for our federal law but rather vote for representative who will determine the law by which we live. we do not have a democracy which exists only in a few small places, i think in vermont or new hampshire where the voter actually vote on everything. . for the rest of us, even at local levels, we vote on the people who will decide for us."
i do not know why she hasn't been on. being on doesn't indicate she is not liked.
"information received off the internet cannot compare to sharing actual life experience with fellow human beings. communicating with actual live people is more educational, and not a time consuming. there is no social life to resigning oneself to gathering knowledge strictly by internet usage."
"it's a fetish and it's not that uncommon. a long a you practice it with someone that you completely trust and have a word you can tell them for them to immediately stop (known a a safe word), it's your business what you like to do. it's ok to play a long a you play safely."
"!st of all it's spelled liverwurst, 2nd it's spelled braunsweiger which is a brand of liverwurst. hope this helps."
"davidnh is correct - we're currently 21 hour ahead of la, having started daylight saving on oct 1st. (can't think why, weather's been too disgusting to want to be out in the evening in auckland, and it's snowed in southland and otago this week...)"
"natural to the object.. fire is inherently hot. energy is being given off a molecule break apart, and that mean heat is released.. you cannot have a cold fire, for that reason.. heat is inherent to fire."
"photography is an art form. a wonderful photograph ha composition, color, texture interesting subject and emotional content. just doesn't have any brushstrokes. also you can play with light and shadow, especially in b&w"
"they do not belong to the same species. lemur are rare on our planet and live in madagascar. it is beleived that they are the ancestor of the monkeys, but look up in an encyclopedia, have a look at a few pictures, they're real cute"
i stopped believing about 2 year ago after i decided to really really research into other religion and different theory such a evolution. then i looked into the history of the bible and where it came from...and i realized that it ha about a much substance and legitimacy a greek mythology. then i went to college for archeology and found that alot of the thing in the bible are historically inaccurate...especially the book of luke...then i just realized if it wa the true word of god..then it would be perfect..and instead of trying to justify it with faith and excuses..i just accepted that it just not real.
"i avoid the problem by par-cooking the apples. cook your filling over medium heat until 130 degree f. is reached in an uncovered pot and hold the temperature for 10 minutes. cool and then add to your pie shell. the apple shrink in the pot, you also concentrate the flavor since you cooked off some water and the pectin in the apple will then gel in the baking to give nice firm yet tender apple without all the juice bleeding out (and the bottom crust doesn't get a soggy)."
why? becuase we want others to know something about u and what we think. also to get feeling and thought we have across to others so that we wont be alone.
you just got to expect no!!!!!!!!!!! gifts!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i went to south field which is 15 min drive cause it also right next to my fave restaurant jack sprat it's on the beach they sell seafood & pizza they also have movie thursday they play movie all night.i think that you will have fun on the 24th it's called grand market where people go shopping and party all night and they do not leave until 6:00 in the morning it's in the town junction .and one last thing you should go to the south feaild christmas tree lighting and it is close to treasure beach your welcome anytime .
"i suspect you deliberately mis-spelled ""african"" and ""ancestors"", plus neglected to capitalize properly, to make a subtle racial slur. if you didn't write to me via my profile and i'll send you some links."
"asked jesus to forgive me. otherwise, i haven't made any preparations."
just chill and open it!. bacardi breezer is a ready-to-drink beverage! enjoy!
why ? because it the right thing to do. that's why.
"not everyone is the same. some people prefer more traditional lifestyles, some woman still actually enjoy being a wife and taking care of her husband... and there's nothing wrong with that. thats the beauty of the world today. we're all free to choose our own lifestyles... and what doesn't effect you, is not your business."
if it start with 011- ... then that's it. the international access code is 011-then a country code-then a city code-then a number.
"with the signing of the treaty of paris, france lost it north american colony to the british, thus doubling the size of the british empire and removing the french from the mainland. the loss by the french pushed forward the desire for independence amongst the british colonists."
"because bin laden, and whoever is behind any other similar fanatic movement, are muslims. it is a pity that they are so. they revolt me."
"and in greece it is a name only female, also elia is an olive!!!"
when people are mentally strong there may be no way. when they are not there may be no need.
"first of all, santa claus is a fairy tale! jesus christ lives.. . he life in the heart of every christian."
"most paperwork nowadays have the choice of ""other"". i wa taught that you went by the race of the father, and i have heard that native american indian go by the tribe of the father father or in other word the paternal grandfather"
"because even though we may not know you from adam, it is human nature to not want to rock the boat. some people are so rude because they were raised not to respect the beleifs of others."
and how do you eat them making a mess? it's so typically american thing... how come in italy the problem doesn't exist?
"plumbing and highway cost more than bullets. old habit are tough to break. you're dealing with a highly tribalize, factionalized society."
"encourage him to drink lot of water to replace lost fluids. avoid salty foods, a this add to dehydration. eat light food for the next day or so. if the he ha a headache give him a pain killer."
"it's just a habit, i don't know where i got it from. friend make fun of me when i do it, but i really don't care. i like my milk shaken."
"your jumping ahead of yourself, how many people are going to be eating this turkey, how bigs will the bird be, make a big difference on the ""lenght of time"" it will be cooked, that's the very first step. that's where the clock starts, meaning there are going to be what will seem to be 100 thing that ahve to be done, but now i'm ahaead of myself, sorry you just want to know how to prepare and cook a turkey... wash it off, pull giblet's, preheat oven 450, butter outside s&p inside, place on rack put in oven, 30min 450, lower to 325, 15min lb unstuffed, internal temp at the thigh joint 175"
"dude! i remember when you could order a pair of x-ray spex from the back page of a comic book. they were pretty flimsy, but it wa fun to order stuff by mail."
"they costume are snap or velcrowe and they have people in the wing to help them strip and sui back up. ontop of that they layer some clothing. ex: top costume(whatyou see) can be a dress, next layer may be short or pant or even another dress. stocking and a bodysuit are usually what we girl wear for show especially for quick changes."
"happiness is a feeling of wellbeing, contentment, and love. true happiness can exist constantly in a person no matter their situation. the best way to become happy is to decide you want it and start doing the thing and acting the way that will make it happen."
"actually, in the 18th century witch-burnings and trial had just about stopped. they tapered off during the latter part of the 17th century, a people came to realize that confession gained under torture were practically useless."
=i had a dream about a friend last night. i called her to warn her and she listened too me to stay away from someone. she listened to me and he wa arrested in a drug bust.
i puked in my friend's washing machine.. . and never told him.
"before you even decide to have an adult ya, please lord please update these avatars, i never seen so many hot looking 60 year olds. i'm in my 20's & i look like i'm in high school & i'd rather not repeat that chapter in my life."
"it wa given to the american people by the french people. it wa a people-to-people thing, not a government thing. it wa put in new york harbor specifically because people from france come to america over the atlantic ocean, and the majority of immigrant from europe at that time came into new york. still do, i suppose, although with air traffic so common, perhaps it is no longer true."
"watch the movie ""misery"". that lady is on to something."
"men have been the top banana for so long that their power feel threatened. the stereotype of ugly or lesbian woman is just another attempt by men to keep their control and power over woman. here you are an intelligent, thoughtful woman and yet you say ""bit of a feminist"" you are nervous to be labeled a feminist because of the connotation it brings to other people minds... look like men did a good job there, huh?? here's a hint, when the best defense against something you've thought out and researched and believe is, ""you're ugly"" ""you're stupid"" .... you are on to something valid."
"woman are veiled because they are not supposed to be seen by men outside of their family. thus, a their husband is part of the family, he get to see her face. muslim men generally do not have more than 1 wife although they are technically allowed to have up to 4 though this is frowned upon."
"the motto wa ""let your finger do the walking"". the logo is two finger to symbolize they are walking through the yellow page rather than the extra work of someone running around town and visiting the merchant and service people you may want to contact.. . the motto wa coined in 1961. people still had party line (multiple home sharing a single phone), long distance call were considered a luxury, and people could pay by the call."
"this question get asked on average, once a week. see the link below."
"usually, they symbolize wisdom, my dear, and that is a lovely tale. you are a lucky young lady."
"i think it's so you don't feel alone, maybe you can relate to a song. maybe looking for inspiration."
"good morning, 6 of 10. always nice to see you.. . i used to think i knew a lot, but after spending 4 month in this forum i have come to the conclusion that i know nothing. it's been a true learning experience for me."
"andrew...the line of succession go through all the queen's son and their child (either sex) before her daughter...so even if charles and his 2 boy were lost then anne would have to wait for andrew and his daughter (and any child they might have) and then edward and his daughter and any other child she might have.. so basically, it only pay to be a princess royal if you're an only child!"
milkshake don't contain malt. you can buy powdered malt at the grocery store. carnation make it.
"i don't think it can be miraculous, unless you're referring to their attitude in religion. i would tell them to let god and jesus enter their life, to accept god, and to call on his angels. i would tell the person to think positive and make the most of your life to pay it forward, to accept the good, bad and ugly day that are colored black, white or shade of gray."
"they used to paint the cow violet with the ""milka"" inscription in white but it's now changed. i guess the marketing people though a violet cow would be cute! cheers,"
"maybe it is because american are generally a bit larger than in the 50s, and while black is suppose to be slimming, spandex just isn't a flattering look for some of us. and why both leaving the house to burgle a place when you can hack into their computer & transfer ton of money electronicly?"
when he became a mutant he gained knowledge but wa also paralyzed in fact in order to control the power of his mind or should i say tap into it he ha to use a machine called cerebrum(spelling?) . . gosh show what you know wonder where our youth went
"curious phrase, it sound ridiculous. you need a context."
they do not believe their own story. they just hate!
they always used to be in bag a i recall & the bag were different size to measure out different priced portions. the vinegar used to run to the bottom so your last few chip would be swimming in it......and you could get a bag for a tanner...(thats 6 'old' penny for anyone who doesn't know)
"troll.. . if you are a true sociopath, i suspect you know that yahoo answer isn't the best professional forum for advice. if you're not, then ask yourself wwjd?"
to gain virtue and polish the mirror of your soul so it will reflect god more clearly. to serve others and make the world better for your having been here.
the weather is lovely! nice and warm.. enjoy your visit!
"i have a friend with an amazing voice, and she play with a band on occasion. here's what she doe when she feel her voice isn't up to par.. take a long shower, make sure there is plenty of steam, and take steady breaths.. drink an herbal tea from the coffee beanary (if you have one in your town). and definitely take it easy on the talking, meaning do it only when absolutely necessary. and even then talk low."
"a guinness spoon is used for making a black and tan. the spoon is bent like it is to ""float"" the guinness on top of the lighter beer in the glass. to me, there is no better black and tan than guinness and harp!"
"wow, they can actually tell the difference by just looking at them??"
"because you don't know that congress legally changed the date again back to it original date. and november 11 is veteran day and it a saturday. and the only people off will be the mail people. but next year it is on a sunday so it will observed on monday, november 12 and everyone will have off."
"great... though i am far away from my family, i still made the best by carrying on the tradition i grew up with."
"they had a homemade wooden leg with just a stick at the end so they could walk....if your wondering why they lost the legs, lot of pirate were old soldiers, sailor with war wounds..lots of pirate grew up on ship and would have more of a chance geting attaced by shark thus loosing leg and arms...improperly loaded cannon blowing up etc. etc..they also fought with sword in them day and and deep cut or infection the limb wa cut off to save life..."
"it effect our society by watering down the value of life. if we can find one way of justifying murder, we can certainly find another, don't you think?"
"your soft palate ha to be raised. try to yawn and feel the back portion of the top of your mouth lift when you do this. the position this is right before you complete the yawn is where it need to be when you are singing, then you will not sound nasal. this is easier said than done, especially when someone is just giving you written advice, but give it a whirl and see what happens."
"the premise license should be displayed, usually behind the bar, in a prominent place in the pub.. it should outline the holder detail and the schedule which the license is run on, ie time of opening etc.. a premise license should not be confused with the personal license holder who is usual the landlord/lady who's detail are displayed over the door. you cant find out on line who hold the premise license however your local licensing committee, usually located within your local council offices, will be able to tell you if you ring up or call in"
"that isnt hitler, just a high ranking nazi in the ss, hitler's real name wa adolf hitler. check it in wikipeida if you want to know more."
"we have a anglo stance to our world view possibly the question could read what influence the world ha from french fashion, i believe modern culture started in france and sadly their influence ha declined over the years. so i have not answered the question - please do not report me."
"half board is only bed, breakfast and lunch but all in..is bed, breakfast, lunch, dinner and a much liquid a you can drink!!!"
"just like coffee, there is a fatty substance in the tea leaves--a naturally-occurring oil-like substance. this substance will separate itself from the rest of the liquid by forming a layer of it own at the top of the cup. hope that helps."
"you can also buy just a leg or wing separately too. could i live without turkey, you betcha. i have many times. when you are single a pretty much alone in the world, well it isn't much fun to cook for one"
"i think the appropriate way to have tolerance is to have tolerance for an individual but not always for that individual's opinion. for example, one should have tolerance for a member of the ""flat earth society"" (and for the right for that organization to exist to begin with) but to actually tolerate his or her opinion that the earth is flat based on all that we know would be foolish. in the same way, what we know a born-again believer lead u not to tolerate false teachings, but to always be respectful of others and allow them freedom of religion....though always followng the ""great comission"" to try to encourage them to know that there is one way to salvation and eternal life."
"the same way that a gingerbread man can walk, a girl can sleep for 100 years, three goat can talk to a troll or a wolf can blow down a house made of wood.. . they are all fairy tales."
i'm not aware of any statistical number and i have never personally heard of a case involving sexual delinquency but it is plausible given the child's tendency toward directing their attention to one activity a well a their lack of social skills. child with aspergers tend to have difficulty interacting with peer in an appropriate manner and i believe it would possible that symptom would manifest themselves in the form of sexual delinquency a the individual matures.
because we all have different personalities! thats what make the world go round!
it a bid weird aint it. . i work in a newsagent that sell a lot of top shelf magazine and i refuse to sell the one with girl dressed like that. to me that could lead to other thing
"we need sleep, nurtition, and oxygen. but i personally couldn't live without creativity."
the reason is simple. bangalorians are proud about their city and never think on the negative side. so politician sleep and do nothing for the development of bangalore
"today's cajun are descendent of french-canadian settler who had taken up residence in the louisiana bayous, brought their own flavor to the party. original master of the one-pot meal, these local created a cuisine all their own based on native herbs, game, and vegetables. cajun cooking, a combination of french and southern cuisines, is robust, country-style cookery that us a dark roux and plenty of animal (usually pork) fat.. . a cajun seasoning blend might include garlic, onion, cayenne pepper, black pepper, dry mustard, paprika, thyme, cumin and/or celery seed."
veteran's day is the day after tomorrow. it's the 9th here.
"the battle of vicksburg or siege of vicksburg wa the final significant battle in the vicksburg campaign of the american civil war. this wa the culmination of one of the most brilliant military campaign of the war. with the loss of pemberton’s army and this vital stronghold on the mississippi, the confederacy wa effectively split in half. grant's success in the west boosted his reputation, leading ultimately to his appointment a general-in-chief of the union armies."
"i place my hand together in a reflective pose, to make them think i know a martial art & am praying for them. hopefully, they'll run off."
"that girl need to wear shorter skirts, leather, drink more, swear, spit, listen to violent music, get into fight at the club, run around on her man, steal cars........wait a minute, i like her better the way she is. don't change !"
"a long a we're human that's impossible. big or small conflicts, everyone will disagree about something and everyone will disagree with their way to solve their conflicts."
"i am a christian and that is a great question. often we see the world a we wish that it was, not how it is. it seems to me that jesus condemed the wealth in the bible rather than encouraged it."
"the biggest difference is that catholic believe in the virgin mary a a god. because jesus is god, catholic believe mary must have been a god a well, thus jesus would be 100% god. however, the bible make no claim for mary being a god. jesus wa 100% god and 100% man."
"woman of ""low morals"" refer to loose women, but when you refer to someone with no ethics, you are implying on the way the person conduct himself/herself (cheating, lying, using unscrupulous means, etc).. moral character/values in many case refer to the individual, while ethic refer to how one conduct in relation to others. therefore, you have a guideline on ethic (in your business conduct), whereas your moral compass refer to how you uphold yourself against set values.. the above are my personal view."
human nature i guess. i have noticed that too. maybe it is just for reassurance or approval.
i couldn't find anything on this. a well a the almighty wikipedia had nothing. that's a damn good question.. . but i did find this interesting link....
i think that if you try to live to the best of your ability your live style will speak for itself. let your light so shine before men that they may see your good work and honor your father which is in heaven. you never know when you might be an example to someone. let people see jesus in you and that can be your testimony.
"it depends on who is defining ""sin"" and why.. . i don't believe in ""sin"" ... to me ""sin"" is a judgement.. i'm not here to judge anyone, least of all me... i live according to that which serf me and my connection with my god, and all of those thing that i do never harm another human being on their path to where they are going or learning or discovering.. and even if they act against me they are not sinning, they are merely doing the best that they know how, for if they knew better, they would do better.. . i think the sooner we get rid of the word ""sin"" in our vocabulary the sooner we can work for peace in this world."
the main difference wa the religion since western europe wa influenced by the pope and byzantium had it own religious authorities. in addition to this western europe wa occupied with it own affair while byzantium had also to face the threat of islam
"japanesetown is in california. mexican town detroit, mi arab town dearborn, mi greek town detroit, mi vietnamese, mn (that's all i can think of off the top of my head) but there's a place for everyone. why? because we like to eat and shop so these are place where these people choose to settle."
"you wanna know how to do that? i think this is it:. . you talk without saying once upon a time or whatever you say at the beginning, they usually say like in ancient rome blah blah blah blah... just somthing simple like that... just take in ancient rome, and then just write the rest yourself..."
"korean had telephone a the same way a you have in your country.. . hey, they have brain to inventing things. duh!"
"native american do have a higher rate of alcoholism. maybe if someone took over our land and then stuck u in concentration camp and forever changed the landscape of our future, we may turn to alcohol too, or we may do what the palestinian did when their land wa handed over to someone else; sit and wait for the world to be outraged."
it doesn't influence american or any other country values. because if it did then the world wouldn't be in such a mess.
"all of the advice is good. to ease the anxiety/shame, use nite-nite pant so accident are le traumatic."
"your answer is in your own question. you get hurt because you let yourself be emotionally exposed(vulnerable) to others. you open the door (your emotions)when becoming exposed(vulnerable)and in situation like that, the end is not always a happy one....."
music. hawai'ian music help a great deal. go to your happy place!
there is no such thing. sorry to tell you.
"wife beater, also wifebeater, and sometimes abbreviated a simply beater, is a sometimes insulting slang term used in part of north america, australia, new zealand and various other place to refer to a sleeveless undershirt. other term are an a-shirt, tank top, singlet, or ""muscle shirt"" when worn a a sole, outer layer a opposed to being worn under another shirt. ""guinea-t"" or ""dago-tee"" are colloquialism for ""wifebeater"" used in the new york city area; these term are also demeaning a they reference slur for italian-americans."
"some kid get so hooked into game that they never want to stop playing them, and they think that they are all they need. it very easy to get caught up in a game and never want to stop. also, if a kid is too into video games, they can be shunned by their peers, they are seen a outcast because they dont ever get to do anything with other people because they are always playing games."
"i use 'howdy' and have for over twenty years. it's just a little bit of personal 'flavor' that set me apart from the average joe, besides which it always brings a smile to the face of whomever hears it."
are you refering to nairobi stock exchange? nigerian se? nagoya se?
"i have many latino friend and acquaintance at work. some are decent and respectful, but the majority of them seem to think it is their god given right to seduce a many woman a possible before they die. this is an observation on my part from conversation i have heard. i hear the same thing from some african and caucasian but not nearly on so large a scale."
your personality is formed by the time your about 5 y.o. you can only change thing about yourself if you absolutely try damned hard.
u cant do nothing . doing nothing is also some thing u r doing
"at the edge of that depth, i laugh. . i always trust my answers, though snide sphinx may extend their paw to smash me. i laugh: i answered your question!, and i don't thereby ask you allow my passage!"
"i am also experiencing these kind of thought manytimes. i think this is a kind of negative thinking. one advice i got from a spiritualist is that we doubt that which is positive and we don't doubt that which is negative. so his advice is (whenever you have a doubt) ""doubt the negative, accept the positive"" or ""doubt the doubt""."
"english football ha a massive international profile and is partly to blame.. also 'great britain' in common speech in most country is totally interchangable with 'britain' and 'uk' when referring to the entire sovereign state officially known a the 'united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland'. however this is not such a simple mistake when 'gb' is the nation postal abbreviation worldwide, 'british' refers to any national product and simply everyone (even you) shortens the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland to just 'uk'.. . in all there is a whole a mess of official terminology, cultural references, national pride and plain misunderstanding that cause this problem."
it's just that people stereotype based on what they see on the media. just prove them wrong and don't internalize it too much. . good luck
"i've noticed this all over not just in movie theaters, it ha brought down society and civilization in general. i hope one day we fix it so our child don't have to tolerate it also. thing haven't always been like this it started about 15 year ago and seems to be getting worse."
"ham, turkey and cheese in julienne strips. lettuce, 2 or 3 varieties. sliced boiled eggs, julienned carrots, and chopped onion & radish."
"not sure but one thing is true, it's a beautiful area with easy access to all the best castle and fishing. i've spent many a happy holiday in the log cabin there. i should have bought one when i had a chance.. . ps/ the fish and chip shop in dunkeld is great."
"i'm not completely sure on that one, but i would suggest taking a look at another player that you didn't mention in your question, that being opec. by 1956, opec had been in operation for nearly 10 years. being comprised of mostly islamic nations, they might have had a role to play in convincing eisenhower to lay off a fellow islamic nation, that being egypt. indeed, throughout the years, opec ha used oil a a weapon to get what it want politically."
the study of how the economy work and what go into determining the price level of products...two level to it: one is microeconomics which is the study of more specific part like how market in a particular state function...& macroeconomics which study the function of the economy of the nation a a whole.. . the subject dip a little into business here and there...
because we never insult jesus (pbuh) while you insult god and his prophet every chance you get.. . that's the difference.
twy - pronounce like try but with a w. . and then la - like lah (rhymes with far). . i think that's quite a pretty name and one i havent heard of before.
"there are two meaning for a yule log. it is the foundation for the ceremonial christmas eve fire. it is also a cake that is rolled up like an ice cream cake and decorated to resemble a log.(icing is used inside instead of ice cream),"
put a strip of tin foil around the crust part only. this will keep it separate from the rest of the pie and it will hold it's flaky crust texture.
i don't know but i totally agree. they are one sexy group of men
"underground economy exists because law and regulation do not allow it to exist above the ground.. . one way to ""demolish underground markets"" is to legalize the currently-underground trade. when bayer wa making and selling heroin along with aspirin (by the way, heroin, just like aspirin, used to be a registered trademark of bayer), no one got killed over drugs; they could be bought in any reputable drugstore... there will be plenty of political opposition to such a solution though..."
red army.. they keeped the strongest force of germany on the eastern front
"unless you are completely married to some high ideal about ""your art,"" i'd try working with a struggling newspaper or web publisher to provide photojournalistic images. it's a matter of being in the right place at the right time and if you've got an image no one else has, chance are you'll not only get your photo published, but you'll get paid. it may not be a lot but it's a foot in the door. then, if you get a number of these under your belt, you can then use them a an entree to introduce yourself to a gallery."
"i usually apply it to the female gender. almost like the word ""matron"" it might be a leader or an expert in the area. . ""it is mildred farnsworth, the maven of middlesex who hosted the high-tea social last month."""
"if ur grandpa is full indian and ur grandma white, that make ur mom or dad,. which ever is the child to them, would be half indian. let assume it wa your mother who wa the child of ur grandparent who you're talking about, since ur mom would be half indian you would get 1/4 indian from her and 1/4 white from her, and say ur dad is full white, you would get half white from him, making you 1/4 native 3/4 white."
another name for jesus. . yes it seems this is what she is saying .. i have read back on her other posts. but it still isnt ringing true with me
"well some dream are realistic because when you think too much about certain realistic issue during the daytime, during the night you will still dream about the same issue a your brain ha overstressed thinking about it during the day... why do dream become real?...as we think a lot about certain thing to happen, we try to make it happen..what is visualized in your dream is basically your intention in doing something...(this case applies to normal people). . well there are also case where people claim to have sixth sense..who knows? maybe you do have sixth sense?"
you may be taking yourself too seriously. learn to laugh-and appreciate -yourself! take practice.
it is due the the declining moral value and lack of family structure. a a footnote there is a seirous lack of education in the world today a well ........
=shouldn't be but it is. after all we are all walking around naked but cover it up with clothes!
"jam is anything made from soft druit, pulped together with sugar. marmalade, of which orange is the most popular, is made from citrus fruit such a lime, lemon or orange, and contains shredded peel from the fruit"
"most american are illiterate in english to start with, and seem incapable of spelling the simplest word or constructing even a semi-grammatical sentence. heaven forbid they should try to learn another language -- they cause enough trouble a it is."
i don't know. they wouldn't allow my purple pegasus to enter either.. *pouting*
i wont answer this b/c peolpe like you are imcompitant. . how de that feel
"the stuff you are required to do is the inconvenience after accepting jesus.... . ""all problem stem from ignorance (hosea 4:6) or selfishness (phil 2:3) or both."" that must be another term for faith"
"from a sociological stand point it could be for safety. i mean it appears that some male deviant may want to persist or harass some girl and quantity protects. unless i know a woman whom will travel home late at night or walk to her car with another girl i will personally take her. plus, it might be because they like to gossip!"
"free will is indeed an illusion that feed our ego and of course it is bad. bad because we believe we have free will even though it is only an illusion.. . there is no free will in this universe which run on unexceptionable (universal) cause and effect chain.. . well, that's my personal belief not aided by any theory or treatise."
"a lot of people get touchy when they are trying to show you their truth and you make a valid or logical point that doesn't fall in line with their beliefs. they are too stubborn or too afraid to admit there may be other possibility because they have been conditioned to believe that you are damned to hell if you question any part of their particular religious doctrine. therefore, if you don't take their word for it even if they can't show or prove they are right, the only way they can fight you is to shut you up or get rid of you so you would have le chance to influence anyone else to question what they deem to be the ultimate truth."
"ummmm, there is like, one single woman in alaska, and the cowboy are trying to recruit her to start a an offensive lineman!!"
"our wondeful forefather knew that unless you divided them that there would be absolute total rule and they had not wanted any more kings, potentates, dictators. this creating the division disallowed any chance of absolute power rule and control the government and people. freedom is the key word."
isnt it something to do with which side of your brain dominates your thinking. one side mean quick witted and the other cause a problem in expressing your thoughts. xx
"they take the barrel before it get the end put on, and it on this conveyer belt, then it get ran over this fire so only the inside burn about halfway. then they put the bottom on, fill it full of bourbon then cap it off and set it to age."
through a psych principle of de-sensitization...watch or experience enough violence and such and the mind simply refuse to engage in empathy any more because it is too painful. it is a learned trait.. . this is the main reason why there is concern about violence in medium that child are exposed to. what would be headline news causing nationwide outrage in the 1950's (whose population rarely were exposed to graphic violence in any form of media) is so 'ho-hum' in today world that it would scarcely warrant a back page of the paper column in the local paper.
professional oven are not limited. house oven protect food from being burned out
"rome became a democracy with time just like america did with the advent of the civil war. greece never really had a democracy, the individual city-state governed themselves a they saw fit, later they were united by phillip of macedonia, who wa alexander the great's father, and so greece became an empire at that point. so the major difference is that rome became one whereas greece never wa one..."
in many culture the white owl represents a signal from the dead...like a messenger of sorts! in india the sighting of an owl is considered bad luck or servant of the dead.
"fear and anger are our strongest emotions. so reading about ""evil"" trigger these strong emotion in us. thus the fascination for them."
it doesn't matter what the baby look like. a long a the baby is healthy
"perhaps some of u are older,been there,done that,burnt out ,had a hard experence,sickness ,and motive to move on is not there. and without motive is like a car without a motor."
because you obviously think you have le money than you actually are holding. perhaps the apple is a dollar and thirty-five cets and you believe you have a dollar and 33 cents.
"i think it's lesbian bed death.. . lesbian bed death is when two girl have been together for a while and in the beginning they were great lover and such, but a time go on the passion just isn't a great any more."
"a vagabond is a (generally impoverished) itinerant person. such people can be tramps, rogues, hobo or schnorrers.. . a vagabond is a traveling person that doe not have a home, just roams wherever he or she pleases."
"you are in an altered state of consciousness. just imagine if you have ever blacked out from alcohol, or if you have taken any other drug that made you forget the next day. it basically is the same exact idea."
drinking! eating chicken wings. go to jims steakout after a night of drinking-yum
"beause they are all together, with their own separate parts. a in living areas. another name for them are condominiums. which allows the buyer to buy an apartment."
"evolution ha programed u for survival. human being will only get along if it fit our immediate needs, the minute our success or survival or that of our child are compromised we become very nasty. a world population increase and resource diminish and we are competing for the same space and same goody the world is going to become even more unfriendly. i share you desire to ""just get along"" but unfortunately it isn't going to happen."
"vladivar vodka is a brand of vodka distilled in the uk. originally made in warrington by the greenall whitley distillery, the brand wa sold in 1990 to whyte & mackay and is today made in scotland. despite this, the drink still life on in many people's memory a ""vladivar vodka from varrington"" (said with a strong russian accent), a featured in major advertising campaign in the 1980s."
"because they don't have any money..........but seriously, some people don't have the resource to get an education. in the u they should. there are grants, scholarships, etc."
psychology because i'm a psychology graduate so i like to help answer question that people are usually answering incorrectly or misleadingly to the questioner. i hop around from section to section too because i like to research the answer and then answer it. keep my mind active at an otherwise boring job.
are fig newton still sold in stores? i'm craving for some now. hehehe...
someone sound a little spoiled. i think you should just be thankful he might get you one of them.
"your brain does'nt decide,sweetchildofmine, but your eternal ""soul"" may pick any dream it wants. just another pathway to find who you were oringinally and who you were destined to be. just another ""hero"" amongest ""heroes"""
"infatuation is a psychotic state of mind where the victim project his or her fantasy onto another person, ignoring reality and all evidence in the pursuit of a hormonal high.. sometimes infatuation can morph into love, but rarely. more often, it result in self-destructive or simply destructive behavior (see ""romeo and juliet"" by w. shakespeare)."
"i would love to write a dissertation on that, but space is limited and i am not such a great story writer, so why don't you check that site for a decent overview of confucianism on china's past and present. most chinese will not understand you if you ask them about confucious, a his real name is k'ung fu tzu."
in the beginning the spirit hovered over the waters. hovered mean like a bird over her eggs.. . it signifies wing also.
"it's great! finished the meal about 30 minute ago, and now i'm having a little break from the family and i'm on here answering some questions!"
"ah so!. . (no - actually, i still don't get it)"
"which laptop do u use....in some laptop d blue tooth device is not present in d control panel instead a new bluetooth software is installed in d laptop...else try uninstalling d bluetooth driver and install a new driver which can be downloaded from the site of the manufacturer...in some case if u have upgraded ur window to sp1 or 2 etc...ur bluetooth driver mite not support dis so try upgrading ur driver too....and if it ha been accidently removed too d installation will solve d issue..... if u dnt find d bluetooth driver in d manufacturer site try searching for it in google......... . . have u tried connecting ur laptop to a cell phone or pda or anything ...try it first jus to c if ur blue tooth is actually working or not........ and in d extreme case-go to ur bluetooth manufacturer's site and send dem a mail with ur problem clearly stated, am sure dey can help"
get a residency permit. that's what i'm getting when i move there. mine will only be temporary since i'm just going for a year. but that should get you some time to gather what you need to be a permanent resident.
"hello.. . professor macalister reported that after the dissolution of the english monestaries by king henry viii, many monk joined up with various irish tinker tribes. to aid their benefectors, the monk invented the shelta language."
"people buy the 'organic' food because they are ignorant and easily misled by nice, flashy propaganda.. . i am from a farming community, although i now live in a city."
chicken liver is high in cholesterol. you shouldn't be eating it a lot -- maybe just once in a while unless you want to clog your arteries. i would eat it once a month or less.
"to add real value to your house there is honestly no ""cheap"" way to go about it. in term of maximum profit though, garden and landcaping are good."
well it's not a casual thing to ask. i really don't have any advice. just make sure that you know you won't be getting into any kind of trouble by making that sort of remark. some place have a don't ask dont' tell policy (work) if it's a friend then i'm sure you should know them well enough to be comfortable with asking such a question.
"i choked on a butterscotch and my mom had to stick her finger down my throat to get it out. a recollection of another person's near death expierence is he wa jumping off a bridge, and at one point he jumped into the water and got hooked on something in the water, he wa 5 year old, and he wa about to drown. he said that it wa oddly pleasant, and that he wa content knowing he wa going to die. someone pulled him out and when his friend got there the man who pulled him out wa gone... this is a friend's father, not some heard it through a grapevine story."
"this is a maker trick! the kid are supposed to collect all the letter in the alphabet to make word up, but i guarentee there a rare letter to make the kid buy more"
"the term mean all other factor equal. this is used when creating economic model and thing because there are so many variable impacting the economy. to create an economic model to look at a particular issue you would go at whatever topic you are exploring and change one varialbe while assuming all of the other variable are unchanged, so that you could hope to find the effect of that one variable, knowing in reality that all of the other factor are not likely to remain unchanged."
"i totally feel you man. my best friend is mormon, and i had to go through it... but the bottom line is that if he's your friend, he'll be chill with it. just tell him at some point when you guy are just hangin out, and the mood is right. just tell him that you're still you, and that your relationship wont change... just don't hit on him... that'll fcuk thing up..."
this is an advert. it's best made with ingredient you don't buy from sainsburys.. this question along with another 59 - yes fifty nine - are all asking for detail about food you would have to buy from your local supermarket
"i haven't read that one, but if frederick forsyth wrote it, you can be assured that it is packed w/ war and other technical jargon about war and some ill characterized romance.( don't get me wrong, i do like his books.)"
"it is like the term for a submarine sandwich, it change to where ever you go, grinder, torpedo, hoagie, poor boy or a hero, some one must have coined the term like other slang it catch on and people use that term instead of the real name.. . here in canada when you go to a restaurant and want a drink, they ask what kind of pop or soft drink you want, you american generalized it with the word ""soda"".."
"i certainly hope you wouldn't be teaching punctuation, spelling, or capitalization. perhaps a brush-up before you go?"
"shank ham are ham that have the lower end of the pork ankle attatched to them. you cook them just like you do a regular ham, except you may need to cook it longer because it is very thick. tell your butcher to cut it off if you don't want it."
"from latin, translates to: the demon will sleep there.. . don't know the context, so cannot elaborate."
"the solstice came first. jjewel, is wrong the roman never forced anyone to believe in what they did, only stupid christian do that."
"it's a natural and health food store. they have some organic food . their produce is okay, but they have awesome prepared meal in their frozen section. they also have reasonable priced pasta, sauces, cereals, and snack that you won't find any place else."
"you cannot objectively observe anything, be it your mind, or even the stars. every measurement of an object change the object.. . this is especially true of the mind. how could you examine it without attempting to change those thing you don't like."
"after boiling and cooling the eggs, depending on how many of u want a sandwich, i mash up the egg but for every whole egg i mash, i take the yoke out of the next just because i prefer the white. anyway, i salt and pepper that and then mix in miracle whip, i don't like mine too creamy and i also add mustard (and try not to let my youngest see me do it)."
it's miss. married or single woman can use it. just like mr. where it applies to either married or unmarried men.
"baptism, communion, confirmation, reconciliation, marriage, holy orders, last rites. most people only go through six, since holy order and marriage are pretty much an either/or"
"you should be at the airport to chek-in with 2 hour to spare. if you are late, i would imagine you need at least 40 minute to check your bag and get through security. however, if you get at the airport and the airline is busy they might tell you that you didnt arrive there early enough (30 minute or le before departure). i would get there with plenty of time to avoid a bad start to your trip."
"i feel it is a modesty thing. they are trying not to call attention to their body by covering anything that may cause men to be attracted to their bodies. look at the way we dress, it compliment our body and make it appealing to the eye. i feel they are covering their body out of respect for god or their husbands."
"it's actually a slang phrase...which i think mean something is so nice and new and different that it literally right off the store shelf. (it started in reference to clothing, with the hanger being the hook)"
"i like to frill it with lemon, salt, and pepper. make sure you snap of the ""woody"" bottom before you cook them."
the same a the difference between husband number one and husband number two. got any idea for number three?
"just tell yourself everyday, ""i am a lucky person"" and it will bring positive energy to you. believe that you are lucky and you will be."
"it wa and is free labor, they dont have to pay the person working their butt off for them. it what drive this want for them. but it come with the cost of you taking someone livelihood and saying you are better than that person when in actuality you are doing far worse. in civil war time they needed slave out in the field for the huge amount of profit these plantation owner where getting from cotton which wa labor intensive, it is a horrible thing and still exisit in the world."
"on a scale from 1-100, i give it a 89... . . yes, it may be because it word come from all over, latin, greek, spain, french."
consider the law regarding the sale of liquor on sunday. also labor law and prostitution. the women's movement wa integral in developing these position in term of reform because they had no voice in the political world.
it mean germ that are from the opposite sex that is not a disese kind but a property kind. like if you are a boy then a girl cootie is a germ that make you girly and if you are a girl then a boy cootie is a germ that make you like a boy.
"i wa told year ago- it mean ""people against goodness and normalicy"". but after taking a humanity course - it mean people who worship many gods- mainly earthly ones."
i've read that white bread wa the first eraser used to pick up charcoal and graphite. try that.
"some bride not only take their husband's name but, his testicle too. and some go even further and take everything he owns later on."
"they are under the delusion that they are ""filled with the holy spirit"" when they are merely filled with emotion, and they think they are speaking with a language of the angels. but linguist have studied glossolalia, and find no syntax at all. it's just nonsensical babbling. it represents the regression to a pre-verbal mentality."
mostly because that is what older people gave to others....stale fruit cake that they probably bought at last year sale. and let face it nice deep rich moist fruit cake is good......stale dry old fruit cake not so good......but my neigherbor down the street used to give u one every year that she bought on sale the last year....soaked in rum...now thats moist :)
fire - to keep warm. community - to help protect one another . writing - to pas on knowledge. the screw - to build thing
"it's an outsiders' mistake to think the problem is about 'catholics and protestants'. the disagreement is about whether ireland remains part of the uk or becomes part of the irish republic, not religion. anyway, despite the lack of a lasting agreement there ha not been any serious 'fighting' for about ten years; most of the violence now is within each community."
"""causie"" ha no meaning.. if u mean ""cozy"" or ""cosy"", they both mean warm - comfortable.."
"because they are whiners, maybe they should move to napa the wine country!!!!!"
"for a little different taste/texture, add about 1 tbsp of uncooked tapioca to the apple mixture before cooking. let the fruit, sugar, etc, etc, set for about 1/2 hr so the tapioca can absorb some of the liquid. you don't have the little ball and it add a vanilla flavor. my mom always used tapioca instead of flour in fruit pies."
"caucasians!! most of northern african and middle eastearns, arab and iranians, have dark skin but they have caucasian feature and is valid. not all caucasian have light skin. but you can find also arab and iranian very white to even blond and blue eyed."
"i would have to see a case study on hopkins printers' marketing strategy to be able to answer your question. a you know, the 4 p are product, place, price and promotion. based on your knowledge of hopkins printers, apply the principle of the 4 p a a strengthening tool for their marketing strategy."
"it's not that sound are louder at night, it's that there are le other sound around. during the day some sound get drowned with other sounds. if you have car driving past you non-stop during the day you can't hear the train or other distant noises, but if there are no car then it's quiet enough for you to hear it."
i have heard that some people take that energy of being nervous and try to put into their character they are playing. just remember that being nervous can remind you that you are alive and doing something you love.
we can wear black or white shirts. the difference in apron matter. green is a regular barista and black is a coffee master or a shift supervisor (who is usually a coffee master)
"religion.. only in religion is sin and evil created, it simply doe not exist in the animal world, where creature behave assording to instinct. society make human behave contrary to instinct, and us these notion of evil a justification."
"when you shake a drink, it water it down slightly...thus bruising it. it generally doesn't effect flavor, but it doe cause some drink (martinis, etc.) to appear cloudy."
that's an incredibly unfair generalization. maybe you should focus more on talking to people than trying to lump them into a stereotype.
"this will sound cliche, but it's true. academic success to me is defined by you knowing that you tried your best and the grade you recieved is truly a good a you can do. if you have to make excuse or find reason for yourself then you werent successful."
oh my god - i am so frustrated with british gas; terrible service and expensive too. have a look on u switch website. you out on the rough detail of your usage pattern and what you pay at the moment and they will recommend cheaper alternatives. they are also ranked on customer service which i thin is really important
"mainly because it threatens their religious opinions.. if it is found conclusively that orientation is indeed genetic, it means, that ""their god"" did indeed create homosexual that way and it would invalidate their belief in the infallibility of their holy texts.. . the other poster that wa talking about ""protected class"" not applying to a ""choice"" is very wrong. religion is a choice and a ""protected class""."
yes that’s what they did (ie alexandria). that mob burned all the book they didn’t like including their author if they could find them. fortunately some book were buried and those intellectually dishonest swine never managed to get their filthy hand on ‘em.
why u want a dram amulet? when u make one make sure your mind is free of all bad thought or mischeivious gremlin will sneak in on ya....usually we just sprinkle lavender over our bed and under our pillows....thats good dreaming and restful sleep....or hang and owl and hawk feather together and hang it over your bed(hawk even out the dream the owl carry)
when someone say thank you i feel weird saying thank you right after b/c it seems like i'm just saying thank you b/c the other person did. on the other hand if i don't say thank (and wait later) it make me seem rude when actually i did it so i wouldn't seem rude so yea it just depends on how we you kno the person your w/
because they are a bunch of hypocrits. there is nothing more to it.
i assume they are picked before the seed get a chance to form inside. otherwise it's them messing with the grape genes!
"the laissez-faire school of economic thought hold a pure or economically liberal market view: that the free market is best left to it own devices, and that it will dispense with inefficiency in a more deliberate and quick manner than any legislating body could. the basic idea is that le government interference in private economic decision such a pricing, production, consumption, and distribution of good and service make for a better (more efficient) economy."
"at high altitude the atmosphere is thinner, giving le aerodynamic resistance to the aircraft. jet engine operate very efficiently at altitude up to 35000 foot because of the cold air temperature.. . a parachute will do you no good at 35000 foot without full oxygen and warm clothes for the trip down, assuming you could safely exit a commercial plane while at that altitude, which you can not."
"there's a common phrase ""witch hunt"" -- which pretty much mean aggressively going after someone whose belief differ from yours. the reasoning for the ""hunt"" could be sheer meanness, vengeance, political gain, or whatever. that's what the nut in salem did to the woman they thought were witch so they could prove their religious and political power. going after citizen whose political difference threaten them is a bad habit of far right-wingers."
"some couple get stranded in their ways, and sometimes they just do not know how to get out of that rut.. i agree with you that i do not say anything like that to my wife, but i say it to other people that i know. i know that it is wrong, but my wife and i are lucky if we say more than a 1,000 word to each other within a week.. ihave been told that people should still date even though they are married, especially the one that have been married for a long time.. my wife doe not take care of herself, and i guess that i hold that against her.. it bother me, even though i am not in pefect shape myself."
"you are a victim of injustice. but, you are in good company. christ wa killed on false charge of sedition."
"you're right, real christian are getting harder to find. you can't really blame people for not wanting to be a christian with some of the example out there.. that said, be careful not to fall into the same trap yourself, and be tempted to believe that all people generalize christians: a lot of folk are honestly looking for the truth and will hear you out."
well it's like white people making fun of white people. all in good taste.
"because they don't want to be simply know a ""a jew"" or they think it's an archaic belief system or they think that by being an active jew they are part of a synagogue that usually support israel and they are ashamed of the way they perceive that country's policies.... . i dunno, probably a thousand different reasons..."
"well, let's see, last night i dreamed i wa married to a rock star, and had two kid with him. i've only astral projected myself once, and didn't even know it until year later."
"a covenant is an irrevocable contract. that one partner in a covenant abrogates it terms, by no mean nullifies it, but rather subject that party to the penalty stated in any such covenant. god is faithful and keep up his part of every convenant. man, on the other hand, is not so and ha suffered the consequence since day 6."
it's the official rule of how to run a meeting. i have never seen them written out; it's just something people who are into organization seem to know. but you might look it up on wikipedia.
"by and large, yam are not availalbe in the usa. what we buy here called yams, are really sweet potatoes.. yam are found mostly in africa."
when you refrigerated the gumbo how hot wa it . when you cool hot item first you must let it cool down some then when you do put it in the frige you will have to stir it occasionally because when you cool hot stuff the cold cool the outside of your food and may never get to the center .when that happens the hot spoil the cold
"for people to be aware of the situation outside in case something bad happens. for example, if an accident happens when landing, you will see if there is an fire before openning the exit door or jumping into the flames."
"because it is real. most other syrup are simply corn syrup that ha had maple flavor added. along with possibly some butter flavor. also, corn syrup is much sweeter tasting than maple syrup."
"name just identify different group of people to different causes. the crux of the matter is people's reaction to a name, good or bad. we are one in christ, spiritually and not a natural persons. there is neither jew nor gentile, slave nor free, male nor female; for we are one in christ - gal 3:28"
1) mask the area you want to keep in color.. 2) invert the mask to cover the color area.. 3) find the desaturate mode or filter and run it.. . all done.
how do you know it's her who's reporting you? it's supposed to be confidential. apart from that abuse her outright and then change you id.
just like the letter i . it can be written 愛 and mean love
"some people like both sex and that is okay. eventually, you will know what make you happy. you do not have to fall into one stereotype or other."
"it's a pagan holiday! in ""honor"" in the solstice."
you have differnt school it not like grade 5-8 ya know? the education there is better too but the science isnt.
"majority of the cereal are sugar coated and the hot milk dissolve the sugar quicker than the cold milk. without the coating, the milk just seeps in and do it's thing."
"depending on the location i guess. i notice while in singapore, egg come in 10 and 30. back home, egg come in 6 and 12"
"well, to them being able to seduce men and dress like slut is empowering because they have complete control. that isn't what female empowerment should be about and woman like those are setting horrible standard for young girls."
"the war on christmas. just a pre-emptive, self-directed attack on conservative by conservatives, to victimize themselves and reinforce their ultra-fundamentalist agenda.....and to deride other culture by trying to portray them a the oppressors, vs. the other way around.. . stupid. it's been ""happy holidays"" to recognize the many occasion between halloween and valentine day, you theo-cons!"
"you shouldn't have to convince your parent you have depression. maybe that's why your depressed. you should just schedule an appointment with your doctor, if you can't do that and you are still in school, then you should talk to your school nurse or the school counselor."
"through war and such. they were imperialistic, took over other civilization and people joined gladly sometimes because they would offer citizenship if they were good people, and gave them chance for government."
wouldn't you get your point across better if you gave a more concrete example?. . ;)
"spirit is the inhabiting life force of a body. both mankind and animal posse a spirit. the soul is the metaphisical possesion of personhood. (intellect, emotion, and will) man ha a soul and animal do not."
"i'm from sydney...the word oz is short for australia i.e. oz-tralia, so we are called aussie (ozzies) for short not oz."
"i would've agreed with you... until you said ""crappy nation"". like most other people i've met here, you take this country for granted. go live somewhere else for a while, and then come back and tell me your verdict."
"most direct way is to drive, nothing is ever straightforward in spain, to get a coach or train will take forever and a day, a not a direct route, plane will be expensive a all internal flight are, car will take about 6-7 hour from malaga to alicante.. . the railway doesn't run stright along the coast, for example, in torrevieja, there is no railway link at all, this is why i say it won;t be a direct route, coach will take for ever a will zig zag too"
"if you are holding a valid residence visa of dubai, you can travel to oman without a visa. otherwise you have to obtain a visa prior to enter oman."
because that's where the battle actually happened from 1 july 1863 to 3 july 1863. watch the three part film gettysburg for the film adaptation of the killer angels. great movie.
it is specifically to disorient susceptible people. . . kidding
because lot of people don't even know what muslim holiday are so they don't post anything about them and if someone celebrates it who would bother posting it online cause people will make fun of them. i hope my answer helps.
they draw moisture from the air. keep package sealed.
"the national guard is intended to protect the home front, so to speak. for example, during viet nam the national guard wa called in to help quell the riot during demonstration in berkeley, kent state university in ohio, etc. they also helped during the watt riot in los angeles in 1965."
i think so..and i am american. that is why american act the way they do.because we have alot of freedom that other country dont have so this country put other country and the tradition or the religion of those country down. american do think they are better than other country that is why they try to impose their belief unto other countries. that is why we have been to war with so many countries.
"because they look like hot and cute for me. i like their dance,bodies and kisses. like your kiss :)"
"it's, indeed, hard to grasp something a ambiguous.. so many religion have this ""end of all things"" theme, so it's confusing.. that's why i just stopped caring, and started living realistically, and reading book that make sense, i.e. darwinism."
"b/c they are using an infallible excuse - god. notice insane folk use that excuse, too ""god made me do it"". i wonder why we let one slip by and the other get incarcerated."
"the appearance of evil is often well-disguised don't you think? evil come in so many forms, so many deceits, how can we avoid anything entirely really?"
"it's ochenta y cinco; pronounced ""oh chen tah"" y mean ""and"" & is pronounced ""ee,"" a in feet. ""cinco"" (five) is pronounced like ""scene ko""."
"you can use a coffee grinder but clean out all the coffee first.. . also, one time i ran out of the powder and i put some whole clove in two plastic baggies and hammer them to powder"
"here's another tip: ""if your egg get mixed in with the fresh egg and you're not sure which egg are raw and which are cooked, spin each on a flat surface. the solid cooked egg will spin easily; and the raw egg (with liquid inside) will wobble."""
on line is a good source just google gay and your city. at least it will put you in touch with local organizations. or just call a few bar and ask they will point you in the right direction.
go on son . she will be happy even if she dosnt show you that
"i personally think that 'being here' doe not equate to having an automatic purpose. i think that ""now that we're here, we choose to create a purpose for ourselves"".. . from a christian's perspective, i would think that having been given free will suffice for u to think for ourselves and act according to the dictate of morality to honor god.. . from 'another perspective' (which to me is not far from my view a a christian), i'm here through a coincidental series of event that wa unplanned and my future (or end) is determined by no one other than myself and the behaviour of the world around me."
"for the last 30 years, our medium and education system have portrayed white people and their history and culture in negative ways. many of the people who run our medium and educational institution are social marxist from the 60's who use the philosophy of the frankfurt school to blame white for all of the minority failures. i guess some white people are influenced by the nonstop propoganda of mtv and their public schools, and begin to hate themselves. it is very sad."
"i believe in santa - because of the spirit of giving and spreading joy to people. so, in a sense- there is a part of santa in people."
"i don't say that evolution doe not exist, i say that however life came to be, god put it there. in other words, if there is evolution, god started it. maybe there wa a big bang, but god started it. that's all."
"more and better education.. it's a known fact that the higher the education and the higher the iq, the lower the tolerance for such childish nonsense."
"excellent thought. and for that matter, why didn't god support the pharaoh akhenaten when he tried to introduce monotheism to egypt long before moses?"
"=click on the link below it is a great slang and pretty current web dictionary. i agree with let hang out or have fun and the meaning of ""fun"" is open!."
ryanair doesnt go to munich but it doe go to salburg. from salzburg you can get a bus to munich. that will work out much cheaper than getting adirect flight from munich
"this ""soul"" is an empty, meaningless word.. . to say that a soul is ‘a mysterious gift’ or ‘without end’ or 'immaterial' is to say nothing more then some unknowable thing posse some unknown quality in an unknowable way."
"you got the wrong info. peter wa not a roman; he wa a jew. in act, you will read that paul ( a roman) admonished peter because the latter would not eat w/ non-jews."
"""faith is an act of the intellect, moved by the will, moved by the grace of god"" - catechism of the catholic church. . (faith isn't a crutch to be used in the absence of reason. god invented reason and gave it to u to use to find him)."
"lol but maybe tanha want ""kumusta ka?"" translated into farsi!! :p"
"ethic are the practice of moral which are derived from the basic proposition of the philosophy. if your philosophy is flawed logically, then your ethic will in turn be flawed. how it work out in the real world is the best evidence for or against any particular deduction."
i wa taught to boil with salt then run under cold water. i never have a problem if i do that! good luck!
"just keep doing what you want to do, and doing what you love to do, and it will one day lead you to something that make your ""life calling"" so clear. sometimes, one interest lead you to another, and that is how you're supposed to find it, so don't feel discouraged if you can't really tell what you are supposed to be doing right now. maybe you still need to go through some experience to give you a certain outlook or to lead you to something you never would even consider at this current point in your life."
"goodwill, salvation army, catholic churches, fbc angel food ministries, and there should be a place to pick up government-sponsored commodity food in each county and/or state. check with your department of children/family service about this. and then there is wic for woman and children."
"he does, to those that seek him.. . many are blind and refuse to see. pretend they are deaf and don't hear or listen..."
"well, apparently they are dumb asses! how can we ""go back"" to a place most of u have never been to? and it not like we'd be welcome with open arm there either."
"if you are really his friend you can mention that you are open minded enough to not care if someone is gay or straight without putting your friend on the spot by asking him if he is gay. if he is in fact gay (and you don't know if he is or isn't) he will tell you when he is comfortable enough to tell you. just let him know that he can tell you anything and you will stay friend with him because of the person he is, not because of who he likes."
because the u.s. wa the only place that had ice cream??
that thing inside you that want to have/ think about sex constantly is an ego... that ha to be alienated in order for it to leave. obviously you've admitted it need to go.. now it just need some will power. don't let yourself have sex or watch pornography etc.until you feel that you don't need it... after that you will begin to enjoy it instead of have to have it.
"there really isn't a single answer. a lot of thing contributed to the fall of the roman empire including: greed and avarice-- the people in power wanted more and more and they'd do anything to get it, the empire wa too spread out to effectively manage, there wasn't enough money to maintain the road and other municipal structures, the plague that hit constantinople in around 500 ad and spread throughout the empire left the empire a lot poorer and without enough manpower to take care of the cities. invader also started battling against depleted and le qualified armies. some people also suspect lead poisoning may have played a part in the fall of the empire."
"if you believe that the divine ha revealed itself, either personally or by revelation or inspiration, you are then just a theist, nothing more, nothing less. if you believe that divine ha not revealed itself by revelation or inspiration, then you're a deist."
"good, i raised 9 grand for the homeless shelter and the child there loved my voice. i sang both at the homeless shelter and the charity fair. i hope yours wa good, and if not, i wish you a better christmas. :)"
buy ticket online or over phone. use their name but all ur info on paying for the bill. just be sure you have their name a it appears on the license bc that is what they check against when boarding.
a commonly drawn line between ancient history and 'modern' history is year 1 anno domini. . . anything that happened before then is generally considered to be ancient history.
"last time i wa there, scuba, boonie stomping (hiking in to see some of the waterfall that most tourist never see, snorkling the piti bomb crater or if you're into golf--going around to the west side of the island to the golf course.. . can't say much about nightlife, a i spent most of my time either working or diving.. . highly recommend micronesian diver for dive trips--nice boats, friendly people."
"b/c turkey wa what the pilgrim ate...and we give thanks. but not everyone ha turkey, actually a lot of people eat ham instead of turkey."
"all inclusive mean everything included i.e all food and drinks.. half board mean bed, breakfast and evening meals. hope this helps."
"the story is that the native american taught the anglo-saxon people how to plant, harvest and cook food in the new land a they began to settle here. thanksgiving wa created to thank them and god for those blessings.. the other story is that the anglos basically ripped off the native and confined them to small patch of land a an apology for being such jerks. then thanksgiving wa a good political move to cover thing up."
"you are basing your self-worth on the acceptance of others. once you learn accept who you are for who you are, the rest will fall into place. men can sense from a mile away that you are not happy with who you are, and they don't want the baggage/drama. relax, and it will happen in good time."
"the ""leftist ideology"" still exists in the present and is actually thriving in many part of the world--namely western europe and some part of south america. it's time to update your reading material buddy."
near a fireplace with my laptop and a cup of hot cocoa!. keep warm and enjoy your home.
it take a minimal time to learn flare. practice make perfect!
good question. isn't life about the search for the meaning of life?
"my kid and life itself. why? i've been through a lot of rough period in my 37 yr of living, so the simple thing in life are what i am thankful for. i guess that's the best way to sum it up."
"a muse is someone or something which inspires u to creativity. legendary mus are spirit that do the same thing, inspire.. for most christians, example, christ is the muse that inspired kenneth copeland to create the believer voice of victory..."
"next time he get sick, tell him to call his girlfriend. he's a waste of your time.. . once a cheater, always a cheater.. . dump this fool and find someone who love and respect you!"
"stop when you have used 50 bauble and see how much greenness you can see. if the greenness is very noticeable add 15 more babubles. repeat until you think the tree is suitably covered. if you are not sure, grab a neighbour and ask them what it look like from the outside."
because the feeling of being in love and knowing that you are loved in return release endorphin a natural chemical into the brain and give you a high with out using drugs. be well and god bless.
"before worrying about the cover, get published. it's not a given. you have to impress people and you are just one in 10 million."
"it mean to leave without saying goodbye, or to take advantage of an invitation (a party, a meal etc) and then dash off the minute the goody are over. imagine inviting someone to a fancy restaurant and they eat a hearty meal and then the minute they finish their dessert it's ""oh is that the time, i've got to run"" before the check comes...no conversation, no nothing.. the spanish call this ""taking english leave"" and i think in french they say something similar."
it ha more to do with the weakness of the us$ generally than with anything australia-specific. look at the a$/euro exchange rate to see what i mean.
"people want to spice up their life and challenge themselves.... they like to make themselves feel proud of their accomplishment (not that there anything wrong with that). i say different people have different amount of adventure in their lives. like: if ur a boring person u'll have a boring and very dull life. if youre exciting and like trying new things, opportunity and funn will come to u easily"
"marinade containing weak acid like vinegar or lemon juice actually start to break down some of the compound that make raw garlic so bitter. in essence, the marinade is slow cooking the garlic to a certain degree taking the sharp edge off it."
"he is comin to turkey to visit the orthodox church and to mend some tie with them. he ha no shame, how come a person say such thing for a person who ha been loved from billion of people and then go to their country like pretending he is sooo innocent..."
"let's put it this way....jefferson had child (that he eventually freed then when they turned age 21) and franklin openly wrote (in a letter to a friend) about his wild night with prostitutes, and admitted he had a grand time......now draw your own conclusions. you do not find them attractive, but money to some is a huge attraction, and they were both considered very wealthy for their day and time."
because rome wa the reference point for many ethnic group throughout europe. the economic and political decision were taken in rome and it this had a great impact in every part of the empire. in addition to this there were also attack and raid by the vandal the goth and the hun which caused a great deal of problem since there wa no strong roman army to face them
"try phoning the zoo in whichever city you are in. they usually have qualified people who could come out and capture the snake.. . plus, they will not harm the snake and will treat it humanely unlike some animal control agencies.. . the pretoria zoo did this for me once."
local farmer or gardener bring their tomato in for tastingg competition much like wine tasting. they even judge it on sugar sweetness sour etc. it is a hoot. sometimes just an excuse tohave a party.
the liberty bell is a symbol for philadelphia. it's known all over the world! i've only seen the liberty belll street sign in and around old city...where the liberty bell is located.
i never came across a veggie i didnt like.... til i wa introduced to brussel sprouts. eeww
"make a paste of baking soda and lemon juice, cover the inside of the bowl pretty thick. let it harden overnight, then fill it with soapy water and pop it in the microwave for 10 minute or until it boils. do not move it until it cool down a bit, you don't want to get burned. clean it a usual, it usually doe the trick for me."
"in greek mythology, the minotaur (greek: μινόταυρος, minótauros) wa a creature that wa part man and part bull. it dwelt in the labyrinth, which wa an elaborate maze constructed for king minos of crete and designed by the architect daedalus to hold the minotaur. the actual historical site of knossos is usually identified a the site of the labyrinth. the minotaur wa eventually killed by theseus."
"because cuba ha a two tier economic system, cuban get the local cheap rate, foreigner get the foreigner rate. blame fidel."
"you are mistaken.. most of the men doe not have any such desire.. men want thier wife to be nicely dresses, look beautiful and thats it. who would want her wife to give a message that she is available to eligible men by wearing sexy reavealing clothes."
"because they are former vegan who died of malnutrition. they are very hungry, but still don't believe in harming intelligent life.. . long pork.... . the other, other white meat."
check out the artist market and artist websites. good luck
"look first to the cathedral's and church of argentina. many of the answer you seek can be found in these places. these would have been the first major building built by the spanish, and all other architecture and feature would have followed those examples."
the site below give extensive info about and hitorical background to death certificates. you may find what you need there..;
"a lardon is a piece of bacon. unlike the slice of bacon ubiquitous in the united states, lardons are oblong cube roughly 1cm×1cm×2cm"
"this is the same""how do we know the sound that the dinosaur made""? just educated guessing but if they are some artefact like an instrument then i'm sure this would shed a little light on this."
"everyone is appreciated in the usa. it doesn't matter where you are from, everybody is a respected part of society. many people in the usa are of french descent, especially in louisiana."
"the ""official"" term for white is ""caucasian"" and refers to people of european descent. those who are not of european descent are refered to by the continent (not country - there is no country called just asia) that their ancestor came from: african, asian, native american, australian aboriginal, etc."
"first off the aboriginal people are very strong belivers in magic and most thing that they do is either for magical protection or to envoke some magical thing to happen. also they strongly believe in this magical earth that they live on, and they also paint themselves up to tell a story about certain thing that happen in the past or in present time. what i am wondering is why you were to lazy to pick up a book and do your own research................ for i find reading and doing research to be a lot of fun.............. also it really expands your mind............."
"actual cost of visit visa is aed 100. you can not refund that if you doe not need the visa. travel agency will not charge anything for reservation, until they issued the ticket."
"i know that can be hard. i always wa oblivious to girl when they flirted with me. now, looking back, i can see that i wa the biggest idiot that ever walked the earth! just ask her about something having to do with bisexuality, see how she reacts."
"hey lsmccllst...,. . try some of these sites, looking for auctions, etc."
weren't all the prophet celibate? i think they were inspired by frustration. hehehe...
"lake titicaca is the highest commercially navigable lake in the world, at 3,812 m (12,507 feet) above sea level. located in the altiplano high in the andes on the border of peru and bolivia, at 16°s 69°w, titicaca ha an average depth of 107 m, and a maximum depth of 281 m."
lemming follow one another to the point of jumping off of a cliff. he may feel that religion create a bunch of follower who think not for themselves to the point of hating because the other guy is doing it.
"i think that the correct answer is choice #1. however, the common truth here being, nonsense."
take a picture on a non-rainy day. watch out for those dastardly photons.
you can send me mail and we can practice it together ;o). . regard from macedonia
"it's not. australia is the name of a country, australasia is the name of a region in oceania (the others being micronesia, melanesia and polynesia) which includes australia, new zealand and some other smaller islands.. . ***to everyone saying that australia is part of the continent australasia, note that australia itself is the continent, not australasia (check the definition)***"
it isn't needed. religion is a mean to control the masses- how do you think the christian church became so powerful?
i'm glad you admited it. woman like boob too. it. come from nursing at mommy's breast.. just woman aren't allowed to admit it!
"fruit juice have more sugar and are acidic to boot. it can be hard on your teeth, and brushing and rinsing only take you so far. if you go all out and water pick carefully and brush after drinking the juice you might be ok, but best is to brush and then wait long enough for saliva to cycle through your mouth a few times.. . milk is not good to have sitting on your teeth and in gum pocket all night either, however fruit juice is worse."
emo-goth wannabe. punk-mohawk and skateboard required to be one. goth-elegant and beautiful and artsy. i am one!
"probably politely. you can read in the most reliable of history book that man ha been able to speak linguistically since the beginning of time. see genesis, exodus, leviticus, etc."
"the best way is w/ (not kidding here) a pecan cracker. you lay your pecan in it sideways, and it squeeze it from the two pinty ends, perfectly cracking the shell and leaving the nutmeats in near-perfect half every time.. . but if you are using a nut cracker by hand, just squeeze gently, rolling the pecan and crackign in 3-4 places. be sure to get the bitter stuff out of the crack of the top of the pecan, or you'll be sorry!"
"aim for the sky, you may hit the ceiling.. aim for the ceiling, you will fall flat on your face.. there is no harm in aiming high, but do it for people, not to win a golden ticket."
"it is just a cultural thing. american often go to bed at 10 or 10:30 and eating so soon before bed time can speed up weight gain.. . we usually only have three meals, one at roughly 7am, one at 12, and one at roughly 6:30. six hour is a long time to wait for food!"
"short and sweet wa histerical! not a big shuster fan i'm afraid, but i did enjoy that one. i also kinda enjoyed the god must be crazy!"
"it can be used a part a ""reminiscence therapy"". stirring the sens often stir the memory too!"
"it mean ""going crazy without you"". but your transliteration is somewhat wrong. it is supposed to be ""bez tebya s-hozhu s uma"". it is just one word, but make all the difference, because ""hochu"" mean ""want"", and then the expression doesn't make sense."
just being social. people do not like to be isolated and not share in the fun. xmas is more tradition than it is religion.
recommended daily intake.. . it is fixed by each country to provide a guide to what food source and what calcium and vitamin you should consume and the optimal quantity which you should eat.
the shank is the part of the leg between the knee and the ankle.. . 'longshanks' is a rather old-fashioned way of teasing someone for being tall (in more modern english tall people are called 'lofty').
"bring a big pot of water to a boil, salt and add lemon juice,. drop in lobster head first, bring water back to boil, boil 5 minute for 1st lb and 3 min for each additional lb."
"that wa unbelievably, the worst comeback joke ever. anyway, if you need more help with mom jokes, i'll be more than happy to help you out, trust me the experience with your mother helped out a lot. you are the best iknoeverything."
play sport and take public transportation at night. after a few slap from life you will wisen up.
store an open sleeve of cracker in an empty pringles can to keep them fresh longer. : put them on a cookie sheet and bake at 200 degree for about 15 - 20 minutes. they will be fresh again.
"family is made up of people who love you because you are related, not because of what they can get out of you, not because they agree with you on everything or anything, but just because. that provides a backbone for socialization that is not easily replicated."
"it is the usurpation of the winter solstice celebration of several other religion to celebrate the birth of jesus of nazareth. according to history, the tax levy that joseph wa returning to bethlehem to pay would have been in the spring of the year, our april.. . i have always like a quiet and introspective christmas and rejected all the commercialism."
"it is probably referring to bisexual. bi-guy, bi-girl, bi-couple."
because they are red. i don't quite think the bluebird of christmas would work a well.. . red and green are considered the color of christmas. now that would be a good question.
most people wait until the day after thanksgiving to do it. i don't like seeing them up before then either. some people put them up earlier because they have some nice weather to do it in and then don't turn them on until after thanksgiving.
"article vi, paragraph 2 of the united state constitution talk about the ""supremacy clause"" which mean the u constitution is the supreme law of the land.. . have a nice day."
"menthol is a mint-flavored compound derived from peppermint oil. non menthol cigarette do not have this additive. it ha been found that menthol cigarette don't appear to be any more harmful than non-menthol cigarettes. however, there is some evidence that they may be harder to quit."
"it hebrew. hebrew is an official language of israel but it a common language of jew wherever they live. ""ose shalom"" mean ""the one who make peace"" (specifically, g-d)"
"my husband doe it all of the time. it usually happens when he is concentrating on something or when he is really excited or upset about something. drive me up the wall! i think it's because he can't stop thinking about something, so he ha to say it to try to get it out of his mind."
"i think you left out a letter... guess you meant ""kroonkolonie"".. it's dutch. literally it mean ""crown colony"" and it mean it's a colony that is ruled by the ""crown"" (the uk, holland or any country with a king or a queen) and doe not have a governement of it's own.. greeting from holland!"
"the bible predicted this and it's nice to actually see it unravel right in front of your eyes. it's absolute brilliance if you really think about it. so take a deep breath and give yourself a hug, this will continue on till the end."
"there is no evil in basic terms.you speak of it a if it were the opposite of good,yet, they are both moral value judgment that are understood from the perspective of ""opposites are absolute"", and you ignore the unity that exists. creation and destruction are two side of the same coin. in your terms, evil is the desire for destruction."
"for practical reasons, orange extract is much more potent than orange juice. one could not drink orange extract"
"i see it too and it drive me crazy. i hate how most of the closed minded people seem to b christian, again not all, and how they try to force their idea on others, especially cuz im an atheist. i dont want to b changed and i wish they would stop trying but then again i see how they r just expressing themselves in their religion."
"coca cola used to be a medicine, containing several herb and other thing, it also contained extract of the leafes of the coca plan. the idea wa to decrease tiredness, depression and headaches. the effect against tiredness is the main reason why it contains caffine."
over-infatuation. . like if they have more picture of the celebrity than they have of themself.. . or if they constantly talk about the celebrity for no reason at all
"""hellenistic hydraulic engineer employed great originality in designing fountains, where the water pressure might be employed to animate automaton and water organs.. . other early fountain were geometrically regularized springs, developed in the classic persian garden. in the 16th century elaborate fountain display were garden feature of mannerist garden of central italy and the mughal garden of india."""
"a psychiatrist will treat you like a doctor would. he will do an analysis and then prescribe a medicine for treatment. a psychologist will talk with you and try to help you with your problem through therapy, discussions, etc. not just prescribe a medicine."
"a gift card to target, pier one, lowes or home depot. there are always thing you need in a new home and any of those place have a good selection of item form knick knack to linen and yard items."
"it is precious because it can and it is sacred because it ha to!!. . hope the answer is ok. in other words, it is precious because it open up possibility and it is sacred because it ha obligations."
"the qur'ān [1] (arabic: القرآن ‎ al-qurʼān, literally ""the recitation""; also called al-qurʼān al-karīm ""the noble qur'an""; also transliterated a quran, koran, and al-quran), is the central religious text of islam. muslim believe the qur'an, in it original arabic, to be the literal word of god that wa revealed to muhammad over a period of twenty-three year until his death. muslim regard it a god's final revelation to humankind and view it a the closest thing to a part of god in the world.[2] muslim also call the qur'an the ""final testament"", ""the book"", ""book of god"" or ""the revelation."""
"i don't know the immediate solution, however, my brother said that when he wa in college, he took public speaking. he wa scared to death and in the end he said it wa the greatest class he ever took and it's helped him overcome the fear of speaking in front of others. year later, a very close friend told me the same thing, he took public speaking and it helped him overcome his fear of speaking in front of others. both agree it's the best thing a person can do for themselves and they say it wasn't bad at all."
there is always someone like that somewhere in the pile! don't let them spoil your fun! just take it with a grain of salt and let it go! they are probably unhappy about something so they have to make someone else ...don't let them win!
"it go back to the olden day where teles were powered by shite, roughly a decent size turd would power the tele for 3 days. until the company decided they could make money by charging 50p to watch your tele and so all the new teles were fitted with a component which wouldn't allow teles to be powered by shite anymore. oh ... if you come across a shite powered tele 1 could easily fetch up to 2 grand on e-bay."
"simply put, they make normal orange juice in the factory and extract the water (possibly through osmosis) and package up what remains, which is orange juice minus water.. i hope this ha helped.. see osmosis in encyclopedia or dictionary if it unclear to you."
my boyfriend's little brother is picky too he doesnt eat stuff like pizza or hotdogs. but he will eat trail bologna?!
"white people did enslave african genius, but nobody ha ever in american history, said all white kept slaves. genius."
a they say go by your gut instincts. if you ever feel like a 3rd wheel with a group of friend especially around one person then the other most likely that person is a phony or a fake.. . one time i thought this person wa a true friend and i told them that i felt like a 3rd wheel and they told me that i wa just a selfish person and the other person just said i wasn't a 3rd wheel and i stayed friend with the other one and not with the one i told first that i felt like a 3rd person. a true friend will stick by you if you can tell them how you feel wether if it is good or bad.
"your right it's not in the bible. the catholic church incorporated into their system, because it would be easier for pagan worshipper who sacrificed baby to come into the church."
"jagermeister and red bull, it actually spelled jagerbomb. one shot of jagermeister, equal with one shot of redbull! it also called a high ball or a speed ball."
"it mean somebody decided to label them. it's a stereotype that's bascially equated to cry and whining, being ""deep"", cutting yourself (specifically your wrists) and listening to sad music."
shepherd's pie is a traditional english dish that consists of a bottom layer of minced (ground) lamb in gravy covered with mashed potato and optionally a layer of cheese. . . it is a favourite dish of institutional cook keen on feeding large group of people.
"because most follower of religion who pray in that way have no respect fo mother earth, or anything female. they worship the patriarchal sky daddy. more's the pity."
nino mean godfather if you mean nino with a squiggle it mean boy. amarillo perhaps mean yellow
"on christmas eve, since i am usually by myself on this holiday, i would have chip and dip all day and watch movie then on christmas day cook a big thick, juicy t-bone stake, baked potato and salad. but this year i am going to have to figure out something else to do on christmas eve because i am on a low-fat diet and have lost 70 or so lbs. and not supposed to have anything fried or with dairy product in it."
"if you are driving from montreal, take either the 20 east bound or the 40 east. if you take the 20 you will cross the st.lawrence in quebec city. from there it is trans-canada through to the new brunswick border and on to moncton. from montreal it is about an 11 hour drive to moncton."
"excuse me but we don't know much from astronomy! we are only scratching the surface, i rather have you a an agnostic!"
"british people suck for asking question like this one. nothing personal...you insult us, i insult y'all."
the 44 is the country code followed by the actual phone number. if you are calling from another country (ie. outside of the uk) you need to dial your country code then the country code then the number.
we like greasy or sugary thing too. i think it's because the stomach is trying to soak up the excess alcohol??
"is your first name narcissus by any chance, sir?. . have a nice day."
"it spanish, and it mean ""side"". for example:. a tu lado= by your side. take care!★"
"yeah, you don't have a degree in much really with that. you might be able to be a school councelor, but that's about it."
"i've had horrible dream where i've made a big mistake by saying something to my mom i shouldn't have, and i really regret making this irreversible wound, and then i wake up and i'm so releived that the dream wasn't true.. . i agree with the other answerer, they're worried about you a you go through changes. death symbolizes change when you dream of your own death, i'm not sure what it mean if it's another person dying, but certainly they're worried about you.. . it's fortunate you have parent who care."
"try not to think about it. think about something else, even if you have to make something up to distract you. i do it all the time, and it hardly ever fails."
"the nature of homosexuality is... love.. . love that transcends what your eye see, what your ear hear, what your hand feel, what your tongue taste & what your nose smells.... . it about what's inside your heart... love."
"no, not politically incorrect. it doesn't refer to race. it's the day that most retail store go from being in the red (in debt) on their accounting books, to being in the black (turning a profit)."
there are so many different idea because you can't really disprove a belief. you just have to respect all the belief out here.
"what ever it is that is cooking in the pan dissipates the heat, let the pan boil dry and given time the flame will burn though the pan. i know a i did this, the pan wa aluminum./"
"this is my fave--the flavor is wonderful:. 2 tsp salt, 1 tsp paprika, 1/2 tsp onion powder, 1/2 tsp thyme, 1 tsp black pepper, 1/4 tsp cayenne pepper (more if you want it spicier), 1/2 tsp garlic powder.. . i've used this probably 20 times--perfect every time!"
well on dec. 23 we have lunch with my mom's family and dinner with my husband's father family then on christmas eve we have lunch with my dad and dinner at my in-law then christmas morning we are at home for santa with our kid and then off to lunch with my husband mother's family. it is a long tiring weekend of too much food and to much driving.
"because comapared to some of the thing that have appeared since the original 7 wonders, the original don't seem so wonderful anymore in comparison.. . you could say it ""7 wonder of the world v2.0"""
"""what you see is what you get"". . st. flip wilson"
"first of all, if it cause me to have a nightmare later, it wa almost certainly 'violence'. violence doesn't necessarily cause everyone to have nightmares, though. violence is the result of extreme emotion that result in bodily injury, property damage, infringement- it's the forcing of one person or group of people upon someone (or their property) against the will of the other person."
"first, try licking the tip. if that doesn't work, then try heating the tip for just a sec with a lighter. if that doesnt work try blowing on the top end to push the ink down.....i just realized how perverse this all sounds, but i am serious. good luck!"
"he hid the poison in his hand cream which he had been locked up with his belongings. he befriended a guard while he wa there and manipulated the guard into getting him the hand cream. thirty minute before his schedueled execution he took it. the army lieutenant wa lieutenant jack g. ""tex"" wheelis."
there is a drink that native mixed with milk to get a ceremonial high. it's kava kava and milk.
"white people are being blamed for all that is wrong in the world even though white people have contributed more to the advancement of humanity than any other race, and now it is white people who are being discriminated against by society. those who form group like naacp, and united negro college fund are just a guilty of discrimination a the kkk, and an honest examination of crime statistic would find that there have been more white victim of black criminal that there have been black people lynched by the kkk. all form of racial discrimination are evil, and affirmative action and all other such program only serve to perpetuate racial hatred."
"when you are a baby in the episcopal church at your baptism your parent and god parent take vow for you. after taking confirmation class that explain the church and it's belief then you are able to confirm those vow if it is your wish a a mature person ( usually 13 year old and up ) a to whether it is your choice to join the church,.,, thus confirming the vow that were taken for you."
"both side regretted and still regret the partition of their country by foreign powers, and the north tried to forcibly reunify the country. it's not really like the u civil war a someone else said - that wa one country from which a section tried to secede, korea had been split into two country and one side decided to retake the other section by force. north korea is geographically larger but ha a smaller population and is more rocky and mountainous, so not a good for farming, a someone mentioned."
the fda doesnt make them. same reason why cigarette do not list their ingredients. they are not good for you.
"it's feeling a though you're experiencing something or meeting someone you're very familiar with for the first time. it occurs in certain type of epilepsy and amnesia. deja vu, of course, is feeling that you've already seen or experienced something that you actually never saw or experienced before."
"in jewish law, men and woman do not touch other men or woman outside their immediate family. so, that includes thing like shaking hands."
"ice wa cut in the middle of winter out of lakes, pond and streams. it wa stored in a barn, or building below ground level packed in straw. a time progressed, and weather permitted, extra ice wa made by setting water outside to freeze in large wooden container greased with lard or animal fats."
"there are obvious cultural difference that exist between peoples, such a language, dress and traditions, there are also significant variation in the way society organise themselves, in their shared conception of morality, and in the way they interact with their environment. it is debatable whether these difference are merely incidental artefact arising from pattern of human migration or whether they represent an evolutionary trait that is key to our success a a species. by analogy with biodiversity, which is thought to be essential to the long-term survival of life on earth, it can be argued that cultural diversity may be vital for the long-term survival of humanity; and that the conservation of indigenous culture may be a important to humankind a the conservation of specie and ecosystem is to life in general."
they are taking a page from the pope. conversion by force
"there are also children. *g* now if you are talking about male and female genders, there are also hermaphrodite and others with genetic abnormalities."
ethic ha got to do with a hierarchy of value which every single man establishes for his ownself. if you obey that hierarchy of your own you are ethical.
"ah that is easy, when you get drunk and kinda bored at a bar the bartender show you this neat trick of taking a tack, sticking it into the bill, putting a couple of quarter on top and then folding it over and then tossing it onto the ceiling so the dollar bill stick and the quarter go a flying, pretty soon 10-30 people have done this and the bartender just made an easy tip!. . see how foolish we are! that is also when the jack-a-lope appears!~"
"gibberish:. 1. meaningless or unintelligible talk or writing.. 2. talk or writing containing many obscure, pretentious, or technical words.. synonyms:. nonsense, foolishness, babble, gabble, drivel, gobbledegook."
"a lucid dream is one where the dreamer is aware that he/she is dreaming. an advanced lucid dreamer ha the ability to direct and control the outcome of the dream. for instance, one i realize that i'm in a dream, i will myself to do thing like fly, walk through wall etc.. . a premonition dream would be one where the dreamer ha dreamt of something that will take place sometime in the future"
"i lived next door to a lady who had been in auschwitz her parent had been killed she wa spared, she had a number tattooed on her arm which wa her identification number, she lived with a guy who had saved her from the camp he wa a ex squaddie, she had a lot of mental illness she would cry endlessly and be constantly scared. when tom died she lasted 4 month before she also went, we never saw her at all in those 4 months.. . so i would say all in all their life were pretty bad in someways and good in others."
"be in a lot of school and community plays.. emily osment is my cousin, so if you are really serious about this, i can ask her to get you an audition with disney channel, call me at 1-917-359-1828.. remember, if at first you don't succeed try, try again.. you have to believe in yourself and have confidence in yourself, i have confidence in you!- you have to have confidence in yourself.. good luck!- hey!, mybe i'll see you on tv one day!"
someone long ago undoubtedly dropped one into the drink. and suggested it to others. same with the onion and the . twist at later dates.
"social norm at work. cracker is kind of funny, honkey is funny too, but n*gger will never be funny, unless spoken by a black man."
seriously? i think it wa the pilgrim and indian when they first came to america and they decided to make a day to feast and thank eachother and the lord for their blessings.
to get top billing in the credits.. . gotta keep on looking for the next starring role...
"coke is filtered through membrane made from the intestine of porcine (pigs) species.....oh, and you sitting there with a bottle of coke, take a nail and drop it in the bottle of coke and see what happens after a week.....the nail will have been dissolved by the phosphoric acid in the beverage, and that crap is going in your stomach.....and while we're at it, wine doe contain remenants of fish, a the scale are used a membrane which are used to filter sediment out of wine before it is bottled......interesting, huh?????"
"and because you've ""noticed"" this lately, you assume that your ""noticing"" ha relevance? i guess since i've noticed some cute shoe on sale lately cute shoe are always of freaking sale. maybe it is something that your mind is choosing to pay more attention to, doesn't necessarily mean it's worth mentioning or questioning."
"you need to talk to a professional. what you are doing is causing yourself physical pain because you are unable to express emotions. when you cut yourself you finally feel something - right? i've talked to lot of cutters, therapy doe help."
"where did jude quote the book of enoch?. . the book of enoch isn't included because authorship could not be proven, and it wasn't thought to be divinely inspired."
they reinace a period or incident in time. we have one nearby in december they reinact the night jesus wa born.
this one wasn't. but maybe it's not that critical.
"when there is peace on earth and everyone worship hashem, you'll know the end-times have begun. other than that, it difficult to know if there are ""signs""."
a place where chic ruled...chic everywhere. your friend have good taste
i think you are americanizing a world issue...and i strongly disagree with it. i also believe it is obvious that their are vast difference in race and cultures. i also think it great that there are differences.
wiccan are typically nature worshipping or goddess/god worshipping people who believe that any harm they bring into the universe will be revisted upon themselves. pagan can be anything from wiccan to druid to people who don't believe in a corporeal god. there's ton of info out on the web.
"who is amir khan? indian, iranian, arab?.. it help to know the language.. could mean anything in different languages.."
the truth is we should pray for worker for the harvest even now. how white are the field in your neighborhood?
"so if you look down between your leg you can see yourself peeing... come on, who didnt do that when they were little. . seriously though, i think it a cleanliness issue, that front part of the toilet probably is more prone to 'dripping', and who would want to touch that everytime they put the lid up/down"
"they would all say the same thing because all three only deal with the self. ""yes, let go."" the alter-ego might inform the more liked one that he asked too late because it is the alter-ego that see more than self in the world."
"it bug me a well they put up the christams light and decoration in the city centre street here in leicester in october! it realy bug me but it make people shop, (they were cramming in present at the check out last saturday), and then everybody buy a bunch more nearer the time, it's some marketing ploy i think to make you think you haven't brough enough for christmas and to spend spend spend (why do you think there is a constant ""sale"" in the shop from january to august!). i think we should celebrate halloween and guy fawks night properly 1st and then move onto christmas they are worth celebrating to!"
"a far a i know all seafood (including lobsters, crabs, etc) are halal. so is sushi. sushi for breakfast, huh? you go girl!"
"well, the bachelor degree doe not exist in europe, but an equivalent could be licencié en gestion d'entreprises.. . business administration: gestion d'entreprises.. . licencié is a degree that is more like the master's.. . i hope this helps."
"ok this is weird but true in my experience, ive been up twice 2 hav it done on holiday. right they put u under so much presure that when they tell u to do it u do it co u dont want 2 ruin the show, i could hav walked away anytime but i decided not 2 co everyone wa on holiday and wanted a laugh so i just done it, thought the second time i went up it would work but it didnt it did makke me tired tho but probably co i wa bored lol xx"
you may be evil but thinking you're the antichrist is probably delusion of grandeur.. . i definitely recommend a psychiatrist - preferably while you are hospitalized in a mental institution.
"for mine i carve out (ok, i ask my hubby to carve out) three hole in the top of the yule log, then i insert tealite candle of the appropriate colour into the carved out holes. then next year, this year log is used in the yule fire and a new long is used to hold the ritual candles. doe that help?"
suppose you could by setting it on the drying stage the moisture in there might act like a proofer. it's not something i would do it seems gross. use a pan of water and the oven
"my guess is ""silly putty"", which will lift image from newsprint, and reverse printed text (mirror image), so the text image transfer in the correct orientation. hope this help"
make a pecan pie. it look beautiful and is easy to make. you can use the ready made pillsbury crust or make your own. there are many recipe on the net.
you can get them at a postal office. not all of them do it though. so call ahead and find out.
i think wise 1 should get the best answer. he explained it really well. i honestly don't know what the answer is to your question but i liked his answer the best
"firstly, it's not just an australian expression...it's worldwide.. . clear a mud mean simply mean you didn't understand even after it wa explained. someone will explain or describe something but it still doe not make sense. using the phrase ""clear a mud"" is kind of a sarcasm a mud is not clear and neither wa what they just said."
a roman style church ha a round-topped arch. gothic architecture ha a pointed arch and an uplifting look. baroque architecture is an extremely ornate roman style.
"there are poor people in america too you know. we need to deal with our own country's problem b4 all these other country bring their poor folk here. i have no problem with them comming here, dont get me wrong, but america should come first in america, and we are too busy trying to deal with the illegal immigrant to deal with our own people."
"try to use''icq whitepages'',and select ''city:yemen''. ton of people gonna appear at the bottom of the page. and you can see their status a well.. but you need an icq number,actually everybody has,once upon a time.."
there is a program called rosetta stone. i don't know where you live so i don't know if you can get it but i would try ordering it from a book store. it's a tape for people who want to learn other languages. good luck.
"i inadvertently used reverse psychology today on my friend when i wa like, don't ever go to yahoo answers, it's an addictive time waster. and he wa like what? what's that? now i have to check it out."
it wa a power struggle between rival gang boss (aka generals) who believed in violence a a solution to political and social problems. a republic can only survive if there is one government that control the use of force for legitimate purpose - including the defense of the state.
"you love it, or you hate it.. . a sheep's heart, liver and lungs, cooked with onions, oatmeal and spice -- and cased in the sheep's bladded which is doused in scotch whiskey. some consider it a delicacy. i consider it vile."
a pocket rocket could blow of your leg. a crotch rocket could blow of your crotch. stay away from these!
"take one thought at a time,,during the day,,and think it through. we all need still time to gather our thoughts.put everything in the right perspective,,like,,you can do what you can do about this or that & that is all,,then move on.i hope that helped some."
"when ever a person talk loudly against religion, always suspect that it is not their reason, but their passions, which have got the better of their beliefs. a bad life and a good belief are disagreeable and troublesome neighbors; and when they separate, depend on it that it is for the sake of peace and quiet.. . . ~ laurence sterne ~"
"beat me why they get so upset over it,. . but yes there is no rule against it in the bible"
"in spite of it huge size, guernica retains something of the grainy look one associate with the front page picture of a newspaper. thus it is a reminder that this wa a news item (before the day of television) and not just a painting. perhaps this has/had more impact than a ""photographic"" rendition of the horror of the bombing of guernica."
well. put a project plan and apporach any certified ngo who probably can fund the plan. but you seriously need to have good plan before you can convince anybody.
"it's because life isn't fair. what happens to u is not dependent on how good we are. it's all just a matter of chance, and bad thing happen to good people. sorry, but that's the way it is."
"hmmm why dont you try word association on the key element in your dream.. for example try the word ""egypt"" the first thing in your mind that go with it. then try using this method to the other element of your dream. see if you can come up with something."
"i wouldn't even consider trying to! a previous comments, unless you're spanish, know who to pay back handers to etc, just forget it!"
"attitude ha a lot to do with what you feed your head (tv, books, mags, web sites, etc...). carefully choose what you look at ,listen to and think about."
"well a you know, there is an average intelligence. that mean that about 1/2 of the population are below average in intelligence, and assuming that the people on yahoo answer are representative of the population in general, about 1/2 of them are below average in intelligence. so basically what i'm saying is half of the people on here are idiots, and their views/opinions/etc. don't matter, or have any credibility."
they died from breathing the air down iin the tombs. i seen it on the history channel.
"the trade deficit with china, and the most recent recession, ha eroded the dollar.. by de-valueing our currency, our good become more attractive to foreign buyer and investors. this is a necessary step in a strong economic recovery, such a the one we enjoy now."
"yep, you've definately fallen for her. no question about it. maybe ask her out sometime? best of luck!"
he's not the bad one. jehovah is the satan that ha mislead so many on the earth.
"a freelancer provides news coverage, photograph or feature stories, either assigned or hopefully submitted, and is paid by the piece.. some people make a living at it but more do it a a sideline.. except for a few, it is an uncertain business."
"usually a novel ha piece removed when dramatised for radio. sometimes scene are cut out to save time, sometimes dialogue is altered to removed certain word (such a swear words), and sometimes the text is altered to take into account a voice actor can make themselves sound angry, sad etc without having to add ""she said sadly"" or ""i shouted"".. . a complete and unabridged story ha been transfered to cd word for word with no change in format or duration."
"in anglo-saxon countries, santa claus is said to leave a lump of coal instead of christmas present in the stocking of naughty children.. . unless you've been naughty, you've nothing to worry about, but if you get an aluminum foil wrapped, irregularly shaped and fairly small stocking stuffer... you should probably try to behave better next year!"
i would say like vitamin terrible. energy soda rock though go with that. you can get mdx without calories. awesome.
red is egyptian blood at war. white is good days. black is bad days. yellow eagle it's meaning about egypt is strong
"do you mean a ""dive"" ? that is a skanky ,icky bar- smell like barf & piss & smoke- stay out of those, good luck."
don't listen to them. you have your own reaction to situation based on your life experience which are different to the experience of others.. . you can always politely say that you feel differently. you don't have to give a reason.
"jer. 29:11.. ""for i know the plan i have for you. plan to prosper and not to harm you..to give you a future and a hope""..sometimes in my life it seems there is no hope for anything. this verse tell me that no matter how bad thing get..he ha a plan for me and there is a future."
it come from retail terms. being in the red mean your business is losing money and being in the black mean your making money so on a day when everyone is shoping it mean you mmake alot of money hence black friday
"queen mary i, 1553 - 1558, wa a strict roman catholic with a viscious streak, who wa responsible for the death of thousand of protestants.........she wa known a bloody mary. . the drink is called 'bloody', because it look like blood and the 'mary' just fit well on the end"
"it's a school of theology popular among a small group of rigoristic calvinists. it advocates, among other things, the application of old testament law to present government today. it influence is far overblown by american secularist and liberal who are worried about theocracy."
"i often feel that london is a place of two extremes. on one hand exhilarating, exciting, vibrant, and on the other hand can be the loneliest place in the world, potentially dangerous and dark, moody and threatening.. . i don't think there is another city in the world that encapsulates all that london does."
that is a lovely anaolgy. and like the coal ... with time and energy ... we can sparkle xxx
"if you trash your liver through drinking you'll go a funny yellow colour, then you'll die a alcohol is a poison and your liver deal with it.. . you have to drink an awful lot to do any lasting damage though."
don't. it make people think you have a few lose screws.
"a vegetarian eats no meat at all but will eat dairy and other animal product such a egg and milk, etc. a vegan will eat no meat or animal product at all."
it might be that your liver ha a unique condition because alcohol go around the liver for every beer it an hour that the alcohol go around this is a good thing because hangover suck. it probably absorbs in your body or go straight to your kidney to the urinary bladder.
hmm.... this is not a question. please review the community guideline to prevent further y! answer disasters.
"i can´t find an explanation cause everything in ur dream mean something to you... i mean every dream that we have is our inconscious, but im not saying that deeper in u, u want to be lesbian, maybe is something that u would like to try, i guess the only person that know that is u cause our dream are the reflection of our inconcious hope it help and good luck :)"
it is just a name for little girl in the old japanese drama.. no exact meaning. today it's hard find this name in japan.
"deviant behavior is any behavior that violates accepted social norms. thus, it's culture-dependent. what's deviant in one culture may not be deviant in another, if the social norm of those culture are different."
my wife and i don't have this problem anymore. we have dinner at our house and if they want to see u they are invited over to our house.
i don't care what they say. alot of people have a problem with being told they can't say merry christmas. it's just a little freedom of speech thing!
do you see a turban in my avatar? i dont wear a turban and never have.. . peace.
i thought maybe i had missed today's meaning of life question... we get a new one every day... the purpose of life is to love and except love... if you can do that you have lived a worthwhile life.... jim
i'm the same way. maybe seeing a smile will brighten your day.
"i say merry christmas, that is what it's still called...christmas. at least my calendar say so."
"pansexual mean that a person is attracted neither more or le to gender or orientation. by definition, pansexual are attracted to people who are straight, gay, lesbian, celibate, transsexuals, or tranvestites. pansexual is rarely attributed to the more exotic sexual proclivity such a necrophilia, pedophilia, bestiality, and the like."
"you would have to be over 45 to remember that rowentree wa the original maker of them, like there wa a company called lowney that made the cherry blossom and milk lunch bars, they were bought out by hersey and nestle bought out rowentree and lowneys.. . i have noticed that the neilsen's jersey milk ha changed also, with the number of corporate take over all of our childhood favorite have changed, like shopsy's weiners, schneiders bologna and silverwoods melo-rolls."
"to change - a in to change your mind. ""cambiar de parecer."" (it can also be used in the ssense of ""making change."")"
"bar mitzah is the ritual of circumcision, where the foreskin is cut off the penis. it's a practise that is in the judaic ritual because it used to be a necessity due to urinary tract infection in those days.. . have a nice day."
if you have ever watched the movie mask (not the one with jim carrey) the one with cher in it. it an older movie. anyway the main character rocky like this blind girl and how he described red to her wa by putting something hot in her hand and i believe for blue he put something cold.
"thinking about the consequence ,goo or bad,. about the choice you choose to make in any . aspect of life"
the only place for one night in paris is free is......on the streets. best wish and good luck
you mean like me? lol : ). . you didn't say anything about the poem i worked so hard on : (
"he is god and he is still alive, he is without sin and he is the only way to the truth and fellowship with god the father. . . the others are just what man ha made of them."
"it failed because it had no agenda so far a indian interest wa concerned. the muslim were trying to regain power with hindu support from the english traders, but the hindu of hindusthan would have continued to be under rule of invaders. it wa a choice between two evil so far a native indian hindu were concerned. it failure was, hence, a historical inevitability."
"we usually refer to it a a psychotic break, and it is when someone completely loses touch with reality and experience hallucinations--either visual or auditory--and prof incapable of functioning in a normal manner. the break, or episode can last from anywhere from several moment to days. usually, any longer than several day and it is a return to the symptom of their original disease, like schizophrenia."
=because they can actually learn something and understand a bit more a to how the criminal mind work because we good people generally do not think like that. these people that like these show tend to like thee medical show a well. i know i do.. much better than the simpson's or fear factor or some of the sitcoms..
the starch in the pasta hold it. ever notice when you rinse your pasta the sauce doesn't stick so well.
"he wa considered for the prize a few time in the late 30's & 40's. however the religious strife in post-independence/partition india wa a countervailing factor and the nobel committee decided against him. and then of course, he died. so they tried to correct the imbalance by considering other indian like nehru but somehow they were always trumped by other world leaders."
"what is this question supposed to mean? are you talking about the field of economics, or people economic situation? notice that in the first case econ is capitalized, in the second it is not."
"i think exploiting is deliberately using dishonest tactic in order to deceive or cheat in any way. advertising, on the other hand, is an attempt to sell or let others know of a product or service (good or bad) that is available, thus giving the buyer or user the choice of making up their own mind without undo pressure."
the walmart atles ha plenty of road trip stops. it give full detail about the places.
"i think it ha to something to do with the idea that god is our father, and a father doesn't give you knowledge, he make you earn knowledge. i wouldn't swear to it though."
locate jimmy hoffa's friends.... . gee they really make one ----------------
that's where the lower land value are. it's a classic case of beggar can't be choosers.
"it depends on the student, and the amount of partying. i knew a student who said that she doe better in school when she parties. it also seems like a lot of people who study very hard also party hard, because it's a way to release stress and relax. on the other hand, partying becomes a problem when people put partying above everything else (school, family, health, etc)."
well then there should be. only car no roads. only child no grownups. only day no night
"you have the answer, you have answered more than 2000 questions.. . :> peace. ."
"it turn black from oxidation, the same way an apple turn brown. it won't hurt you to eat it, but it doesn't look good. the best way i know to hold off the process is to squeeze a bit of lemon juice in the guacamole and mix in well, then squeeze a little extra on top. cover with plastic wrap."
"you could get a short set, like 50 bulb set, and add it to the end and double it back, or route in different direction (i don't know what your house look like). be creative, it would be too much of a hassle to take them all down."
i know at our walmart in the craft section they actually have stamp like that. you should check at yours.. if not i am sure you could get one online. i have seen them several time.. maybe even try ebay
mine wa wonderful...it's my fav. holiday. thanks for asking ~~
"it's humiliating because it's utterly emasculating. it's important for guy to feel strong and in control, and that's not at all possible when someone is yanking your boxer-briefs up your crack."
"thse two link may help to understand the diferences. they contain the history, production, cultivars, uses, plant disease and reference for both grains."
i have no fears! i have god on my side!!!
you worry about that ??. a bloke called mahmoud in teheran . is trying to delete israel ....
"people with unhealed spiritual wound will be victim of life, finding the whole world out to get them. healing those wound will change these people, providing they are not so caught up in their own drama that they actually do not want to change."
somewhere between 77 and 80 for a high. 63 to 70 for a low. at least here in honolulu.
"wow.... lol.... ur a real o' g', ain't cha? pshhh..... *rolls eye and laffs*"
sadly they are extinct and so have missed their opportunity.. . i have been told that monkey can chatter on about evolution if that help you.
"dude, really try and get some help. you clearly have issue that need attending to. if you're gay or not, this silliness isnt healthy for you. not passing judgment, but clearly this is a cry for help."
"for papsmears information, caribbean lobster do not have claws.. a for eating them in cuba v not... perhaps it is like the morman's selling alcohol and caffinated drink in salt late city? it's all about the $$$$$."
life is a gift just like any other gift it's meaning is by how you define it . how you live it if you will. so go make a change
christmas. the light and all the red stimulate a part of my brain and make me happy.
the answer to all the question in the universe..... . have a great day!
there is a link to leonardo's notebook at gutenberg if you want to read them. you might get some idea into what he wa thinking when he invented his machines.
"my idea, without meaning to offend you, is that you are off your rocker! there's no such thing a unlucky, unless you make it yourself. good luck!"
"yes of course it is! like all those nicole richies and lindsey lohans, they need to eat.. being plus sized is just fine, it a problem when you are obese or anorexic. i am a ""big girl"" but i love the way i look, okay i'll admit i would like to shed some pound and gain some muscle after havin my child but i am greatful for my body and i wouldn't want to be a unatractive anorexic girl or a great big obese slob."
"for spinoza, asking about the ""meaning of life"" would be like asking about the meaning of god, because god and nature are one, and the unfolding of natural reality just is the eternal process of god being god. and since spinoza wa also a determinist, the ultimate goal/perfection of all is predetermined – it is eternal and in some sense it already exists, so reality is like a reel of movie film; all the of the frame already exist in god' nature (that's my own metaphor, not spinoza's – they didn't have movie back then ;-)"
thank you for your info. please ask a q instead of giving info.
paedophiles. a no innocent child deserves to be molested by these sick twats!
"i agree with you 100%. except that i don't believe in ""prophets""."
"you are me, i am you...all being long for happiness...we are all the same.... . believe this and you drop the illusion."
"worchester sauce. try that, it'd make them be all tangy. and don't forget the sweetcorn, can't have tuna without sweetcorn.... . i'm hungry now d:"
"my favorite is to take a tub of coolwhip, and blend it with a box of unprepared instant chocolate pudding mix. fluffy , not overly sweet, and set up nice."
how about something with protein? maybe some trail mix or something. the protein in the nut will help keep his energy sustained throughout the long night.
"do you mean portraying the pharoah himself a human, which wa the idea of arkenhaten (armen hotepk iv), or the inclusion of other human with the pharoah? arkenhaten wa portrayed with his wife and their 3 daughters, and wa the servant of the god ra upon earth, in a human form, so whilst divinely chosen, he did feel that he wa human.. the inclusion of other human around the pharoah wa designed to make the pharoahs seem more at ease with their public, and to make the public feel that whilst being of divine blood, he wa still one of them.. in both cases, it wa good pr (public relations)."
"those are spanish numbers. ""cinco"" mean ""five"" and ""ocho"" -""eight"".. have a great time!"
"i suggest starting out by taking choir class in your school. if you belong to a church or other group, it may have a choir that you can join. a good teacher can teach proper technique to a group; once you've learned some of the basics, you can look for a good vocal coach."
"black friday is the day after thanksgiving when retailer have big sale and specials. they count on the mad dash of crowd rushing to get their holiday shopping started (or finished) to increase their fourth quarter profit to help them end the year in the ""black"", or in the good rather than being ""in the red"" (not making any profits)."
i'm not sure about judaism but zohad practically mean having faith and hope in allah.. . probably carry the same meaning in judaism too
"first,by waking up (become conscious) of his true nature.then,working to make it real (realize),at the ego level. unless you are asking how a man can become aware of his own being,in which case it take a sense of courage and adventure to explore his own depths."
it mean that you seem like you would be a good person and worker for them. you impressed them.
"you can just add it without cooking, but the mixture ha to be more watery than normal. if you have a recipe, it should state how much liquid you need. and if oatmeal wa included, the amount should be enough."
"there's no evidence whatsoever that she died of unnatural causes. aisha-may allah be pleased at her- died 678 b.c, and most likely of natural causes. if you mean the story where ali- may allah dignify his face- captured her, then you're mistaken. yes he did capture her, but refused to harm her in any means, besides she died after this incident many year later."
if it a bit greenish you leave it alone for a few days. my parent say leave it in a bowl of rice completely covered nd check on it everyday to see if it ripe . dont leave it there to long to else it will turn mushy >.<
"i don't know. people thi9nk they need to tell me abvout safe sex. i've not been knocked up yet and i don't plan on it, but condom don't feel good and pill make you fat."
superstitious people fear everything. only knowledge can remove fears.
not all the time. today seems to be a tough day for some.
"after the indian help the pilgrim by teaching them how to grow corn, potato, and crops. the pilgrim came in a boat call the may flower so they landed in massachusset. around 1600s"
"it the classic combination of protein balanced with carbohydrate. your body craves such substance to balance itself out and when you do it, it feel satisfied. let not forget to that the batter in the fish also add to the enjoyment a it give a crunchy texture to counterbalance the softness of the fish and chips. and not to mention the whole thing taste so fab!"
"always vote for whom you feel will do the best job. gender, political party, economic status, etc. should never impact your decision.. i'm a senior in high school."
hey i am puerto rican and the funeral are all the same and a i remember just mouth the word watermelon when everyone start talking. i don't think there is much else except sometimes people go up and pray for the deceased.
how did you notice that???? but i suppose thay cant wear shoe on the sofa and wearing just sock would make no sense
"a ""pagan"" is someone who practice paganism. a ""gentile"" is someone who is not an israelite (or someone who is not a descended from one of the 12 son of israel, mentioned in the bible). generally speaking....."
"your brain can't process the word ""of""? i don't know what's wrong with u, but i know my brain work"
"yep, you are supposed to drape the fabric over the inner hoop and ""fit' it into the larger outer hoop. maybe the problem is her fabric is too thick? or you haven't made the inner hoop small enough? keep trying it should work.."
"you can't ""ban"" anyone from myspace; that's the site administration's job. but, you can prevent the person from sending you message (by going to his page and clicking ""block"") and/or prevent him from viewing your page (by going to ""account setting"">privacy setting>change setting>who can view my full profile>my friend only. when you do this, you will also prevent people who are not on your friend list from seeing your profile a well. so, in short, you can't just ban one person from seeing your page)."
"andrade . galician and portuguese: habitational name from any of numerous place in galicia and portugal named andrade, perhaps originally villa andr(e)ati ‘estate of a man named andreas’."
"snarky is a great word, isn't it? thanks, jesus!"
"""the proletariat (from latin proles, offspring) is a term used to identify a lower social class; a member of such a class is proletarian. originally it wa identified a those people who had no wealth other than their sons; the term wa initially used in a derogatory sense, until karl marx used it a a sociological term to refer to the working class."""
"god save the queen is the british anthem. scotland, wale and ireland have an additional anthem, but the english don't, so god save the queen is our only anthem.. . land and hope and glory is played by some people who think we english should also have a separate anthem, but it's not official."
"it simply mean ""i adore you"". which mean i love you sooooooo much"
the truth is that it isn't what american are eating but the portion of it. leave the u and go to any other fast food outlet be it in europe or asia and you won't find the same giant sizes.
"the meaning of life is simply what ever you want it to be. you could want it to be, to change the world in a positive attitude and that is the meaning of life for you. it all just come down to the person and what they want it to be."
it came from mary tudor... aka mary i queen of england... she had a whole bunch of protestant killed in an attempt to move england back to catholicism thus earning the nickname bloody mary. since then the term bloody ha been very offensive in england.
je pense donc je suis. (i think therefor i am). descartes.
"joe, how is it racism if they dont fight for themselves???? it ha nothing to do with racism."
"pentecostal church began forming early in the 20th century to reinvigorate the worship service by using the experience of the first pentecost (acts 2) a a model. service include thing such a being overcome by the spirit, trembling and speaking in tongues. lively song and enthusiastic preaching are also featured. the catholic version is called ""charismatic"" but essentially, it's a worship style that suit a spirit-enthusiastic christian."
i have one on my yahoo 360° blog. i linked it for you.
"you need to purchase a tree stand. those wooden block are just temporary from the tree farm. once you get a stand you just need to fill the bowl every couple of days, depending on how warm your house is. also, throw some aspirin in the water will help keep the tree fresh a well."
"i think an important factor is past experiences,. if you got hurt being too close before, you tend to keep a distance,. if you got rewarded by getting closer, you tend to get closer yet,. same for physical and emotional and mental relationship"
"differential evolution occurs when you have a separation of population. a particular example is australia, which ha evolved noticeably different plant and animal since it separated from the main land mass some 90 million year ago. in the case of h. sapiens, population probably moved from africa to europe and to asia some ten of thousand of year ago, and were separated by distance and natural calamity (ice ages) so some differential evolution occurred."
there is no god. we just are and thing just happen.
i wanna know why there's not *more* men who like to wear skirts.... <sigh>. bois in skirt are hot.
"i like italian sausage, bell peppers, extra cheese and extra sauce. yummo! i like all the spice blended together, plus i can call the bell pepper my veggie serving for dinner lol."
"hey ruzmina,. . the young king died of tuberculosis at age 15."
"they generally say 'sorry' to let you know that you have annoyed them, eg, if you think they were in your way, and they have to move, they say 'sorry'.... but what they mean is 'look - i've done this for you'.. . english people also have great difficulty talking to stranger - even if they too are english. so the word 'sorry' ha come to replace all the other thing that one could have said in any given circumstance."
"i think i heard that different village on easter island made them to scare off evil spirits. the statue acted a protecters, and eventually, different village competed to make the biggest and the best of the statues.this led to their downfall because they used up their natural resource building them, and they possibly died of a famine or disease, so i've heard, maybe lol."
of course christian aren't responsible they no longer have to be. once they are saved they are bound for heaven and god forgives them for everything they do. they have a one way ticket to heaven so why should they act responsively.
yes there was. the war wa called the frencha nd indian war.. duh
"the guy who is in charge of gondor is only a steward and not a king. with the news of the death of his son, a possible return of the king might be too much for him to handle."
"a great, fun way to enjoy talking with friend and at the same time sounding intelligent.. . okay, try again, how about the basic of anyone's belief that they adhere to regarding life and the ethic they live by."
ice water. it's very refreshing.. . i drink it almost exclusively although on rare occasion i will drink oj.
time square under the cup o' soup sign.. . wait. i dreamed that. takeback.
it keep you hydrated. . people tell you to drink water because drinking water over pop or something ith lot of sugar is going to be alot better for your body in the long run
you can leave a comment. question time out and it go to voting or the questioner pick a best answer and then it closes.
"i really dont know what flag your talking about (ole' red, white, & blue or the state flag) but either way...you shouldnt burn any flag.. . my grandfather & uncle didnt die in wwii & vietnam for you to get the piss poor itching to burn a flag b/c you cant handle being an american.. im in the military & will be until i die or they tell me i have no other choice. . for you to burn any flag, is a slap in my face & others."
you sound racist and it sound like you look at the outside and not the inside.... vary bad. the only way you will change is if you really want to and you are right that doe get on other people's nerves. i bet some people look at you and feel the same way and you also sound kinda pharanoid..... i knew someone who wa pharanoid.... after 40 year she finally got sent to the mental hospital for loosing it at her job.... please don;t be like that... that's all we need is some more syco's!
"everyone is racist in their own little way. it basic human nature, some people just show it more openly than others. i know black people that are really racist. racism is just a fact of life, sure it can be hurtful you just have to learn to ignore it."
"just an enquiry about one welfare. the normal answer is 'fine', 'how do you do'."
irrelevent to what?. your a hippocrit. people ask irrelevant question because they can. they do it because they enjoy reading the anwsers people come up with.
"depends on the situation, i liketojust let theperson do their thing, in my mind saying ""yeah whatever"". if the person is being hurtful, rude,or disrespectful to others, i step in."
"why this obsession with the internet? seems rather cold & impersonal. i'd rather be at one with nature.. . watch the movie ""lawnmower man"" maybe you can become the internet...didn't end too well for him though..."
"i wa always told that if someone you love dy in your dream, that's a sign of pregnancy for you or someone close to you. but do more research on the dream web site."
"according to a ukranian friend of mine, russian tend not to worry about word order a long a they're all there in the sentence. she claim to be able to spot anyone that learned russian a a second language because they always try to use their native syntax."
well it wa going to be the bronze hammer but my it came to my attention that no one like bronze anymore they want pizzazz flare spice. it couldnt be pizzazz hammer thats way too gay even for this kinda club. flare hammer sound like some kinda magical spell from dungeon and dragon or something. so of course it must be spice there is your answer.
the japanese word for princess or a lady or higher birth or class. it is initially referred to any beautiful female.
"scented candles, bed bath & beyond stuff, family pictures, ect.. . please, no fruit cake"
"what i hate is the pee on the seat in the lady room. i mean seriously, if you are going to piss like a guy then lift the seat like a guy."
after a person donates blood sometimes they feel a bit weak. sugar help with energy. if you notice after being sick you crave sugar because the body ha been deprived of food and this help until you can eat and fully recover your energy.the body ha taken a bit of loss when blood is donated. thus sugar give the body what it need at that moment until it can gain back what wa taken.
"we tie the empty bag to the cows, and they fill them up themselves. you try milking cow in the winter."
"i think they are guy that spend extra time primping in the mirror. i think the other term are ""metrosexual"" and ""prettyboy"""
"i'm guessing here, but i'd say maybe play one of their cd's for him? :)"
it just blood filling up spongy tissue in the penis.. . ever tried to penetrate someone with a floppy penis? i sense that you are still a virgin or a girl.
"the name christopher is a common english name derived from the ancient greek name χριστοφερως (khristoferos). it is frequently translated a ""bearer of christ"", although a more literal translation would be ""bearer of the anointed one."" hope this helps!"
"have the confidence to know that you can do better, and you deserve better! don't dwell on him, it's wasted energy at this point. you have to move on and forget him."
"salt absorbs moisture, [condensation from glass], this is also why in some restaurant you see little grain of rice in the salt shakers, rice take out moisture from salt, salt shaker in humid area actually get damp, from absorbing moisture from the air. also a lot of people dump salt on a liquid that stains, i.e. wine on linen, because the salt will absorb the liquid fast enough to help prevent staining."
"simplest recipe ever. mix half white vinegar, with half white sugar , the amount depends on how many cucs you use, heat to a boil, add cuc;s that have been sliced in long strips, heat just till cucs start to change colors, pack in hot sterilized jars, and seal,,,,, do not over cook, ready to eat next day my family have fixed them like this for five gens, that i know of, so good with bacon and egg we call them breakfast pickle dont knock them till you try them i usually start with 3cups each of vinegar and sugar, for a grocery bag of cucs"
please explain..i never got any sexual gratification from shaking someone hand. but if it work i may take on a part time job a a walmart greeter
"worship is basically... say, greeting them for the morning with a simple gesture that you have deemed necessary for appropriate worship, and also praying before bed. or having an item like a hematite stone to remind you that, say, loki is your personal god that you worship and you let people know it.. . acknowledgement is more difficult to explain, because you know there are higher-up in the universe but you don't do much with that..."
people are not angels. they are two separate entities.
"i totally agree with you , . i have no time for people who try to protect them. . whip them beat them and then hang them ."
who care it sure tast good! have a happy thanksgiving!.
good point. that's actually pretty disgusting when you think about it huh?
it appears that you are in a small minority... most people find him very funny... i find him very funny...
why don't you call them and ask them their e-mails? i don't think anybody on yahoo could give their e-mail to you. they don't give out much information.
"kwanzaa is a week-long secular holiday honoring african-american heritage, observed from december 26 to january 1 each year, almost exclusively by african-american in the united state of america.. . kwanzaa consists of seven day of celebration, featuring activity such a candle-lighting and pouring of libations, and culminating in a feast and gift-giving. it wa founded by controversial black nationalist ron karenga, and first celebrated from december 26, 1966, to january 1, 1967. karenga call kwanzaa the african american branch of ""first fruits"" celebration of classical african cultures."
"well i think saying you have ""black pride"" is just a bad a saying ""white pride"", you should specifically say what your heritage is if you want to be proud of it. like norwegian pride or rwandan pride or something, so it's not just pride in your race, because that always sound bad. there is alot of variation in the facial structure of causcasian people, so i don't know about that argument. people gripe about equality because people deserve to be judged based on their individual action rather than their skin color (or facial features) since they have no control over that..."
"it is a ladder to heaven. people who are dying sometimes make the movement of climbing a ladder. soon after, they are gone. i am a nurse, and have seen it many time in adults."
"treat them with kindness, always. if they are constantly putting you down, develop the art of letting thing roll off your back. without actually telling them, let them know with your action that you are not going to let them get you down. remember though, that good old-fashion kindness go a long way."
"to offer up praise, respect, gratitude and adoration, with my spirit and my life in acknowledgment of the awesome nature of god.. . i do it in many ways, through prayer, dance, song, how i live my life, my deed and words, my thoughts."
i just posted a question similar to yours except im only 15. i have a bf but im attracted to my best friend who is a girl and i know is bi. if you think your more in to guy but also girl than you maybe bi. i would say you should just experience and then evaluate yourself.
"threshold is literally the ground level below a door. figuratively it is a bar above which thing are acceptable, and below which thing are unacceptable. the threshold on your yahoo answer is set at a default level, but you have the capacity to raise or lower it, a explained by another answerer."
"a i heard it once, there wa a great starvation in america in some area of the country, then from the sky, abundant of turkey came on to the grounds, they were easily caught, and everyone had their meal. it wa like the manna, a miracle! eh."
"a guy i worked with used this word when talking about some of his friends, and i asked him about it. to paraphrase his response, he said that it wa a disparaging word used to put people like him down for years, and by people of his ethnicity using the word among themselves it took a little bit of sting from the word and made the word not seem a hurtful, mean spirited, or derogatory. since i am white, the word would still have a hurtful, mean spirited, and derogatory meaning if i were to say it since i had never experienced being called that name."
"i got in by having pretty good grades, good sat scores, and putting an obscene amount of effort into my portfolio. before the application deadline i spent about a month and a half doing almost nothing else.. . it also really, really help to have good letter of recommendation from people in the field you're interested in."
"you can be gay and still be masculine, just the same a someone can be straight and be feminine. there is nothing wrong with being gay. it sound like you might be, and at the very least you could be bisexual."
"agreed - i work in retail and get customer asking me what to buy for their loved ones. i just feel like saying "" how the fuck should i know""!. sometimes think that people buy present (expensive ones)to make themselves look good rather than think about what the recipient would want."
"polyphenols, only discovered in red wine, decrease the manufacture of endothelin-1 in the wall of arteries. this reduction is directly related to the level of polyphenols in red wine, with cabernet sauvignon topping the list a having the most positive impact."
"there is a book called ""defeating darwinism by opening minds"" which talk about the scope trial and the movie ""inherit the wind"" which put an atheistic spin on the trial. it a very good examination by a christian of our present situation of the govt being hostile towards religion."
"just talk to god... it is that simple. that, in it of itself, is prayer."
"well i will give them the money because i see it a poulation control. if you give him money, he will buy booze or drug with it, and thats ok. cuz he will kill himself and then you will have one le person asking for money on the street."
"learn to ""write"" -get the address, write letter, put in envelope, address envelope, go to post office, pay postage and your done ....good luck! ........just a thought...peace........."
how about yourself. wear nothing but a nice bow. he should like that.
"when word of the california gold rush reached china's impoverished areas, many adventurous young men left for california. even though it wa hard to leave, they decided to go anyway because they thought they'd be able to become rich and then return to china. they were either looking for gold or hoping to profit from other economic opportunites the gold boom wa creating."
we are not germs. the amount of chlorine in water needed to kill a human is huge and it would cause such pain you would likely exit the water with a chemical burn long before it killed you. germ are not a solid a people so just a little bleach can change the environment enough to wipe them out.
"youve obviously already gotten the answer by now, but i want to add that this can actually be done on purpose. my mother and only one other person i have met can do this. mom just say she fold the gum in half and it pops, but i cant seem to do it. ;p"
go to the help word at the top of the page on the right side it is very small . then write them and ask i did it once and they fixed thing for me
haha. wow thats a really good question. i guess like the chocoloate frosting ha like different ingredient and stuff than just plain pure choclate.
how can i help? i would like to help by buying your child present or sending you some money to help buy them.
"because the very same people are that are asking question like, "" i had sex, could i be pregnant?"" are also out there answering questions. when you use too many big word and require too much thought from the reader, you usually get fewer responses."
"it's been a while since i read it, but off the top of my head i can think of two example of irony: 1) everyone wa led to believe it wa a black man who raped some poor defenceless white girl, when actually she wa a bit of a slut trying to seduce him, which contradicts the racial stereotype set in the time, and 2) you're meant to think boo radley is some evil maniac through the whole book and in the end he's the one who save scout and end up being a really kind man. the climax i think would be the result of the trial and when the father of the girl try to hurt scout, because everything after that is just tying up the loose end after the climax, concluding the book. you have all the tension building in the story, then the tension explodes and that's the climax, just before the end of the book, and then you have the resolution, the aftermath and that's call the denouement, when everything settle down."
"well when you have 'black' coffee it very dark, close to black. it would be weird to say ""i'll have a very dark brown almost black but not quite coffee, please."""
"i believe growing up without a dad sometimes ha the opposite effect on young men. instead of them wanting to provide that love and care there father could not. they sometimes replicate the same pattern. and for the record, i have a mixed array fo friend and your insane if you dont think young white dad are just a deadbeat."
"the fat is trimmed off prior to being dried. with any cut of meat, most of the fat must be trimmed off in the process because it doe not dry, a a result, good quality jerky typically ha le than 3% fat content."
"will vary by airline, your ticket should say in the back or in the printed detail for an e-ticket, also listed on the airline website. most airline i travelled had an international limit of 2-bags with maximum weight of 70-lbs each, plus one carry-on."
"buy a juicer, cut up the passion fruit and give it a whirl in the juicer. if you don't like pulp strain with a strainer."
one wa a muslim former criminal who believed in separitism and wa willing to use force to acheive his goals.. . the other wa a christian minister who believed in equal right and wa willing to use peaceful mean to acheive his goals.
"having had sex with both men and women, i can assure you that complete satisfaction is possible. it's even more likely with another woman than it is with a man."
"oh, how could we overcome the delusion of ""god""?. . how???"
"they both are indo-aryan language but they belong to different subbranches. so hence, they are different languages."
"join the 21st century. we just knocked down one east-west wall, and we are trying hard to remove the vestigial trace of the cold war in favor of detente and prosperity. wall never have worked and never will work to keep out ignorance or progress. we really need fewer wall and more friends."
"if you don't want to make them yourself, you can use one of the biscuit mix like bixquick, or others. the direction are on the box and they're very good."
"the root cause of the french revolution must be sought in the condition of french society. before the revolution, france wa a society grounded in privilege and inequality. it population of 27 million wa divided, a it had been since the middle ages, into three order or estates, the clergy, the nobility and the commoners."
"why are you so focused on race? is it really that important? the only place i know that race make such a big difference is prison and other place where there are a lot of people with low education. in educated society, latin generally refers to people whose language is derived from latin."
"""the expression indian giver is based on the belief that native american would lend item to the settlers, in other words, let them borrow necessities. the settler thought that this wa a gift from the native americans; hence, they were shocked when the native american asked for their item back."""
"i wa in turkey a few month ago, and quite often i saw simply the word turkish delight (in english). there might be a more traditional word for it, but i think just turkish delight is more common nowdays."
"christianity will oppose any development that threatens it validity.christianity cannot stray from the bible which is what give it validity.challenge the bible and you challenge all christian including the ""roman structure of christianity,headed by the roman pope'..the dead sea scroll are an on hand challenge..what about unknown historical document that did not survive!!!!!"
"an exorcist is primarily a ""medium"" who ha direct contact with spirits. through a ritual, he/ she can call upon these kakodaemons and expel them from the confines of the house or place of living or person permanently. not always a church thing though, is't more commonly practiced in paganism and wiccanism, and other related branch of religion. the catholic church stole it from the pagans."
science is not the enmy of god. infact most scientist firmly believe that science point directly to inteligent design. many are afraid to give a specific name to the designer but agree that the odds of hapanstance explaining the existence of life are so astronomical that it is a close to impossible a thing come.
"the pilgrim came over to this country. the first year they were here they had a feast and thanked god for his blessing in the new land. being thankful for our harvest and for our blessings, just like they did that first thanksgiving. however, we have a lot more to eat."
"i once read that brass tack were placed on the counter, one yeard apart, in store where cloth wa sold, in order to make measuring easier. an old trick wa to hold one end of the cloth a little bit up in the air so that the customer would get le than one yard of cloth, thus saving the store a little bit of money. customer are alleged to have said,""just get down to brass tacks!"". this doe not sound very believable to me."
"once a nation reach a certain size, a leader is needed to keep thing in line, set the rules, make deal with neighboring nations, etc. democracy didn't exist in ancient time - every nation had a monarchy. if you weren't part of a monarchy, chance are your land would be taken away from you a the other monarchy expanded, and you alone wouldn't be able to fight the army to defend your land. so to answer your question - it wa a matter of survival a a people, otherwise they would've been absorbed by the egyptians, babylonians, or another ancient people."
"because society decided it that way. if you really hear the words, the don't offend anyone of say really bad things, but it depends the way you say it, where, when, your voice tone and yeah people find it extremely offensive...that's so stupid and ignorant but screw them...jaja"
"your`e f*cking lucky,. i keep getting the . engaged tone"
"like all dictator he ha to keep the people under his control. besides using the army a a hammer, he had to extol the virtue of communism a he attacked the perceived weakness of capitalism and democracy. he basically had to pull the wool over people eye and fool them into how great they had it."
"nope. i have hazel eyes, bronze color hair.....my dad black hair, my mom blonde. so how i have red, beat me."
"it is the part of the treaty they made, when they took asylum in india with rana of sanjan.. . if they did then it would be like converting, rana demanded that they adapt certain cultural way of the hindu religion and they will never engage in conversion practise.. . by law they cannot share their religion."
"being loved.. . hmmm..... . a life without love is not much more than being a fungus, or some unwanted growth."
"cuz the planet ha a 23 hour 59 minute rotation.. . we needed a way to keep track of things, and somebody made up this system."
have a cultural fair or dinner and serve food from different lands. charge a small fee for people to attend.
"it's almost damn near impossible! that's why is called breaking the seal...once you go once your gonna have to keep on going!..but what i find hold it off is to keep yourself occupied! dance, eat, cook,play a game, find someone interesting to talk to!"
bassanio doesn't have any money and antonio doe (they are very good friends...some critic even suggest they are lovers). antonio doesn't have the money readily available but he is so sure that his ship carrying his good will make it to harbor in time that he accepts the ridiculous offer.
"ok, how about this great classic.. . it's thanksgiving dinner, you say to your father, ""dad, would you pas the yam to a homosexual?"". . that should work."
"because we still have road that were designed 50 year ago, when there were just a fraction of the car we have today. also our public transportation system is far from adequate. if there were more bus and subway there would be fewer people driving."
"it's been a while since i took econ, but i would say that government spending help to revitalize the economy. financing it by selling bond it's pretty secure since u.s. bond are still perceived to be very dependable; a secure investment even by other country who also buy them..."
there ha always been men of fashion and trendsetters through history. it ha only been within the past 60 year or so that it ha been perceived differently.
"it's actually quoted a an example even in the oxford dictionary. they say it's spoken english and used instead of ""why"". i agree with those who think it's not excellent english, but you know, use sometimes is sovereign and creates rule of it own!"
ignore them and find something in life to take your attention from them. like the saying of a vampire you have to invite them in so don't do that.
"i would use plastic or rubber ice-cube trays, the kind with separate compartments, and stackable in the freezer. you could also try using plastic bag designed specially for making ice-cubes. most large store should sell them."
roman or egyptian. . definitely not chinese --- all the story are totally unrelaated and dont make much sense
"""every good and perfect gift is from above, coming down from the father of the heavenly lights, who doe not change like shifting shadows. niv james 1:17. . if it is a good and perfect gift it is from god. all the rest aren't from god."
"if you mean american indian (native americans), they are their own race. they are probably descended from asians.. . if you mean asian indians, they are asians, particularly, south asians."
"please browse this url i give you. but if you cant open it, search by keywords 'stephen neill, a history of christian missions: second edition (hist of the church)'.. . hope you find what you want."
"they record events, people and lifestyle from a visual perpective. they embellish these picture with wordssometimes, but the picture should tell the real story. watching a child running down a road from a burning vietnamese village, naked with napalm burn tell a stronger story than mere words.. photojournalism show the harsh reality hidden behind dispassionate words. it brings the horror, reality, suffering home."
"they do this by using a sweetener that ha no calorie such a splenda instead of real sugar. the other ingredient in it (water, carbon dioxide, flavorings) dont have calorie to begin with. . and actually without other diet change it will do nothing to help you lose weight."
"go to your local art supply store, and pick up a can of ""winsor & newton spray varnish"". check the link for more detail and picture of the product. curry's wa the art store i went to when i wa attending art school."
"the funpic image site ha a few clips.. getting a single muscle or muscle group to flex take practice.. the first step is getting your brain to connect to the one or two muscle without flexing the others. start a snowflake recommends to straighten your leg and flex the group. with practice, you should be able to get your glute to flex without the rest of the leg.. to get a claplike action, squeeze a if you are pinching off a #2."
"also known a de facto parent; person to whom the child ha bonded in a parental relationship but with whom the child doe not necessarily have a biological, adoptive or legal relationship.. . this may be a person who ha ""informally"" adopted a child; for example, a foster parent or a relative who is caring for a child but who doe not have legal custody. a psychological parent could also be the live-in friend of an actual parent."
"becouse we are shallow, a a result of watching to much hollywood.. . peace"
"ankita is sanskrit and hindi word (usually name for girls) mean ‘with auspicious marks’. . where a ankati mean wind, fire or a brahmin who maintains the sacred fire and another name for brahma."
get a recipe to brine your turkey. this is where you leave it soaking in liquid overnight and then cook it. it come out tender and juicy.
"paranoid schizophrenia.....in my opinion...i have had experience working with such people with this diagnosis and they are in hell...confused, unpredictable, dangerous, compulsive.... . worst emotional anguish is to lose the person who is supposed to nurture you (a parent)i suppose.. . also to lose faith in your religion"
"freud viewed the ego a the conscious self. this is the self that view the outside world, correlate it to inherent thought patterns, and form a response. this is fundamentally how all stimuli, including those that deal with survival, are dealt with."
it really depends. there are place that you can pay a fee and they will give you training and you work for them from home...but i only recommend this route if you have experience with alot of travel yourself and know the travel industry. there are small college that offer course in travel and tourism a well.
"mesopotamia refers to the region now occupied by modern iraq, eastern syria, southeastern turkey, and southwest iran. the toponym come from the greek word μέσος ""between"" and ποταμός ""river"", referring to the basin of the euphrates and the tigris river and the area in between. comparably, the arabic term is بين نهرين‎ bayn nahrain ""between two rivers""."
some one who doe not believe in god but rather other deites. pagan is a common term use for wiccans. i am call pagan sometimes.
"depression is largely due to the situation when you have no work to do or lonely.this enables mind to wander and reach unwanted conclusions.there are few anti depressants. but do not go after them.the best way to over come is to keep mind preoccupied in a healthy manner.lonliness is the worst curse.you develop friend and wide circle of friends.have some hobby.you move out and see how others live.develop positive atttitude.read the book ""power of positive thinking...""and apply the simple step to develop your personality.you are always wanted by somebody and you have to find that somebody only.practice of mental concentration,yoga ,listening good music,prayers etc are effective method to fight depression.good luck .prayers."
"stop spamming. bigot, there is only one race, the human race."
"if one learns a language one automatically learns the grammar. many would say the grammar is the language. the aim is to speak well, surely?"
"sugar, fat, and booze. . that's my answer to both questions."
"utah ha excellent sknow, but colorado ha the best snow for skiing.. . - former utah resident now living happily in colorado. . p - colorado school teach spelling."
"propaganda is deliberately spreading ideas, rumours, or information with the sole intention of persuading others into a particular line of thought, to help or harm a person (or organization...).. . photojournalism is objectively presenting a news story using photographs."
light coke is possibly even worse than regular coke because it contains sweetener (mainly obtained through chemical process) which our body is not able to metabolize. they are believed to be linked to some tumor and certainly affect your metabolism.
"social scientist talk about ""suicide clusters"" so even when something hit the news about suicide, - you'll see a percentage of people do it to themselves.. . that's why i'm against the 'right to die' campaign that state nobody should make you live if you don't want to. ie. -like abortion we'll some day have ""killing centers' where folk can walk (or roll) right in and be done away with."
"well, there's the pharaonic method, but that's gonna cost you a bundle. and where are you gonna get twenty thousand day laborer and stone to build one of those things?"
most culture regard friday a a day to eat fish. i think it's biblical.
"a liquid cup differs from a dry cup because when using a dry cup to scoop up, say flour for instance, you can place the cup in the flour and then with the flat end of a knife run across the top of the cup, which take away the excess flour giving you exactly one cup of flour. a liquid cup ha the line of measurement so you can add and pour out the liquid until you find exactly the correct measurement you are looking for. yes they both get the job done and are the same measurement and truthfully you could use either or, but if you are trying to be a exact a possible obviously the dry cup is more effective for dry measurement and likewise for liquid in the liquid cup."
"2 problem were that the audience couldn't hear the actor well and that they couldn't really see the actor's expressions. they overcame the first problem by performing in an acoustically beneficial amphitheatre and also used the chorus to narrate the story using many voice so the audience could hear better. the actor also wore elaborate mask so the audience could recognize when a character wa angry or sad, etc."
you will need to learn to dance really really well. then you will need to show how you dance to a lot of people.
"would that be prego? prado is in madrid - it's an art gallery. . prego mean please, it's what most italian say when they answer the phone."
"ok the real answer is erp which stand for enzyme removal process,this is where a cannery would soak the fruit in this strong enzyme that quite simply eats away at the skin of the fruit and the process get stopped when the soaked fruit is down to the pith, this process is also used in tin tomatoes,. basically and enzyme will break down the molecule and the protein in solid thus making them separate.. hop it answered the question. gary the chef"
"move to another country and marry him. belgium ha legalized gay marriage and so ha canada.. seriously, you don't have a job here anyway, there is nothing holding you back."
i am flying out tomorrow at 6 am to go to nebraska to be with my family. i have to wake up at 4 am to be there on time.
"ha! funny! no, all human are initially female in the womb, until male androgen hormone are triggered by the presence of the ""y"" chromosome, stimulating the male sex organ to grow."
all friend are friend but all friend can not be girl friends. girl friend are special friends.
"because the pizza wa made in an oven (a real one with real heat) and microwave function differently (they only heat food, not the container). they make thing a little bit chewy, but they are way faster, right??"
"it is a closing meaning: ""respectfully yours dear heart,"" and the writer's signature should follow. . . h"
because the pilgrim did on the first thanksgiving. simply tradition.
"feminist only see thing from the female perspective and a the woman is the one getting rammed, they deduce she is being exploited. i'm sure the porn actress would say they are sexually liberated and getting paid a lot of money to do it. it take two to tango."
"i can't tell. once it hit the bathroom mirror, it stops."
treat others the way that you want to be treated.. and. wash your hand after you go to the bathroom!
"if he is in the us, legally, and ha a social security number, then that is all you need. if you don't have that, then you are fairly well up the creek with no paddle"
"there are war that are jihads=holy wars. muslim faith call for these when the infidals a we are called are breathing.. . a a christian i see thing a spiritual warfare, our weapon are the word of god and prayer."
i have been reheating potato all my life (52 years) and have never had any problems. my mother and grandmother and great grandmother have also always done this. don't worry just enjoy your spuds.
"hey dude - the jerk store called and they're running out of you. i really hope you are not just a ""normal guy"". i'd like to think your average human being ha a little more respect and decency than you. why are you so angry and so offended by someone older than you just trying to be helpful or perhaps friendly?"
why hard?. spend time and it becomes easy....with any translation.. like any relationship it take time to understand a person.
"other poster correctly identified pork-barrel politics with buying votes, but there is another dimension to it a well. pork-barrel politics may involve payback for campaign contributions. for example, defense contractor contribute to campaign of certain congressman and senators, who in turn work to ensure the continuation and expansion of govermnent contract awarded to those contractors."
"lipstick lesbian is a femme lesbian.. bull dyke is a butch or stud lesbian.. . i am a femme lesbian. i wear purfume, makeup, skirts, panties, & i am very girly.. . a butch lesbian look like pugsley addams and wear loose clothing and ha lot of masculine traits."
the leavening ingredient in the flour can go bad (lose their leavening capabilities). also - unless you are using a specific self rising flour brand in a recipe developed for that brand you don't know if the proportion are correct.
i fell in love with luke duke. lol i wanted to ride on his lap in the general lee! lol
i would want to be able to read minds. knowledge is power! to know what a person is thinking would be a most valuable asset!
"i don't know, but i don't like it. some company (such a like the president of this united states) think if they ""play on"" the christian faith they can make more money (get more support in the case of the pres) . . sad and sickening, imo."
"minimal... especially around the park where they spray constantly. tourism & bug don't mix. if they couldn't keep the bug away, most tourist would spend more time in their hotel room instead of out spending money.. . during five visit to disney world, sea world, and universal studio in the last year during june, july, december, february, and may, i can never remember being bitten by a single mosquito."
"you ""tried"" christianity for 20 yrs. what happened? it didn't fit your lifestyle. now that's funny.....or not."
ontology deal with being. metaphysics deal with the nature of reality and epistemology deal with the nature of knowledge and axiology deal with values.
"well i did both cambridge latin course (the fond memory of caecilius and his family!) and ecce romani when i wa younger and both said the v wa pronounced a a w is in english.. . weny, weedy weechy!"
"a soon a you have people in your life you're going to rely on them in some form or another. set internal limits, but remember that vulnerability is humanity. know what you want and pursue it, and don't let you personal decision be influenced too much by others"
"seems like you have met some good women, and from the way you phrase your question, have not met ""many black men"". there are plenty of black men that are building, if not already on, a successful career path and place family value at the same level that the ""dignified"" woman you have met do. you might want to expand your association to include some of these men."
"i don't know for sure. that's why it's called ""faith."""
"i believe the answer to that lie in the brain ability to predict our own movements, and anticipate reactions, hence it is difficult to augh when tickling our own feet. when someone else tickle u we are unable to predict what they are going to do (even if we know what they are going to do, and how it will feel. (sometimes it possible to laugh before the event, a i guess we recognise the action and the result.the laughter is a release of that energy, in a way that make u feel comfortable, a we can also deduce that the activity is non-threatening."
some people mind work that way. some think in color and some think in black and white. it is also a way for them to look important and get attention even when they don't know the answer.
get a 2 liter bottle of diet coke and carefully drop in a mentos. go to google video and see first hand.
"you could use a few light with 100 watt bulb or use a floodlight.. . you really can't make a strobe, would need to buy one. you can use an off camera flash with the light also.. . be sure to balance for the indoor light."
"you're not haggart. i don't know haggart, i don't even know what position he is. you're very rude, and a terrible impersonator.. . that aside, i don't know, who can fault you for your planting seed in male prostitutes."
"try tracing the photo using tracing paper, then flip your paper over and cover the back of it with very soft graphite pencil. now you have ""carbon paper"". flip the drawing back over, tape it down on one edge on top of your final drawing surface so it won't move, and re-trace it, checking from time to time that you haven't missed any lines.. . have fun!"
"yeah, having been to rehab, even if you're forced to stay, if you don't want to stay sober/clean after ward then it's just wasted time, money and space for someone who want to get clean and sober! and there is always constitutional issue of freedom."
"just do what you do when you get it anywhere else. . i use rubbing alcohol, nail polish remover, or vigirously scrub it with water or soap"
"ironically, because of the very reason it started.. . art nouveau wa a reaction against the mass-produced work that came out of the industrial revolution.. . in order to succeed, the line of art nouveau would have to be mass-produced, which wa not easily done. because it could not be easily mass-produced, it did not gain a wide berth of popularity."
oh lord u have alot of time on your hand sweetheart. it's a name of a pepper. it come from the country chili.plus being cold is chilly..
ditto the previous 2 posts. taxi and about 20-30 dollar depending on traffic.
it doesn't really mean anything. people just put it on there because they don't want to put their real age. and that's the biggest number that you can put.
"it not really race (except in samll rural areas) that affect thing today, it money and social status. poor people hold up the u and that 1% of rich people are holding on tight to keep it that way"
you don't say how old your crb is. i have had several over the year but each time you start something new you need a new crb. the reason is that you may have become a criminal since your last crb wa issued
you need to call him up and ask! this is a medical question imho not an advice question. only a pharmacologist or psychiatrist is going to be able to advise you on why.
stimulus? d.? i'm no genius..but i'd have to say d. sound best.
here have a big squishy hug. better honey?. u r such a babe!!
"hi, i love spain at this time of year, nice sunny days, chilly evenings, not many tourists, still possible to swim in the sea. i wa down the coast in murcia last week and it wa 29 degrees, my kid where in the pool and the sea. just take an extra layer for evening and early morning and you will be fine.. have fun!"
"the question seems to be asking in other word how are resource allocated in america? the answer is via the ""invisible hand"" of the price mechanism and the free market system."
"latino are speaker of romance language (spanish) and by definition are latins. the spanish word ""latino"" became more common and wa used for 'political correctness' to refer to person of or descendant of latin america, not to give the impression that latino were not latin, but because most people of latin america referred to themselves a ""latinos"", using their native spanish language."
"it began a the time the pilgrim and indian shared food at the first thanksgiving. since then, it is a time for family and friend to gather together to celebrate the thing they have to be thankful for and share the time together. it is a celebration with no religious connotation and should be embraced by everyone. we all have much to be thankful for."
"honey, you are a lesbian. just except it and move on."
well you've got 'hamburger helper and a home'.. what more do you need other than the trailer park. enjoy
apri the 8th. i just look in my pocket calendar.
"you can tell if it is writer block if, normally, you seem to wite a lot but then suddenly... you cant come up with any ideas. if you lack inspiration, then perhaps, you have some idea but cant seem to be motivated to write them down. if you lack talent, then you probably never write very much at all and most people dont like what you have written. hope this helps."
"high cost of good help avoid the tragedy of the common a le people can afford to buy the resources, thus decreasing the consumption of the resource. however if the good is price inelastic then it result in higher revenue for business's that sell the product and the demand doesnt decrease significantly thus their is no real reduction in consumption.. . low price allow poor people to afford the good and thus more consumer & can increase revenue if the product is price elastic."
"actual fact is, because of job created in outsourcing, people from outside need place to live , they have started to accumulate in bungaluru, so rent go high. if govt decide that 80 percent employee must be local then thing will be changed, minimum wage will increase and none of the locality will remain unemployed."
"tolerance, acceptance and the ability to see the goddess in everyone we meet. plus there's just something endearing about someone still a child at heart that can dance under the moonlight and walk barefoot in the rain."
"i think your question may be, ""why do some men have their nipple pierced [with thing that could look like earrings]?"" is that correct?. . i don't have such piercings myself, but the men (and women) i have spoken to say that such a piercing can enhance the feeling in the nipple during sex and foreplay."
i think you are talking about the ransom of hector (hektor). on the perseus vase at harvard
"aw, go on! we're all really tired and fed up, it's the middle of the night, and we could do with something to cheer u up.. . spill the beans. now."
"you are correct. it is half full cream milk, and half fresh cream.. commonly called for in american recipe"
"i think serenity come from having your life in order spiritually, physically, and emotionally. when you are actively seeking your higher power, and doing good; when you are taking care of yourself to the best of your ability physically; and when you are emotionally balanced, i think serenity just settle on you. i don't believe that money or station in life ha anything to do with serenity, a they usually garner different emotion such a competition, social climbing, even greed."
"watch a lot of american tv, especially news programs, since they are some of the very few on tv who still speak correctly.. . and stop posting this so many times!"
"a pair of used socks!!! it come from my cousin, she wa very stingy!! i just killed her with kindness, and i forgave her...i got her a very expensive gourmet basket from the internet..."
"a hen is a female turkey, usually a little smaller than the male. a tom is the make turkey and is a little larger than the hen. that's all."
"a lot of the sugar come out with the juice, leaving them a little tart. since the manufacturer expects most people won't read the pkg, they add sugar. let's face it, most people out there are addicted to sugar.... which mean more sales. you can find a non-sweetened dried cherry (and a bunch of other non-sweetened fruits) in the produce section of the supermarket, but they're mostly from small independent companies, which make them much more expensive (most of the small company make them without preservatives, too.)"
"so that""s why i wake up in the morning with all this vaseline smeared all over my a~~ !!!!!"
"an athiest doe not believe that there are, wre, or ever will be any god or gods, deities, higher power or anything like that.. . an agnostic accepts that there might be something beyone ourselves, but that it is not possible to know or understand anything about what the nature of that may be..."
"if your are in the private sector u are entitled to 2 month maternity paid leave, but if you're in the goverment sector you get 3 month maternity paid leave. if your company doe not follow this rule you can always take action and sue them."
"well...cocaine give you a gross red runny nose..too much and it'll bleed...not very chic.or if you shoot it abscesses, and tract marks..even worse! not to mention those blank orb for eyes... alcohol in high dos make you incoherent, puke, and stagger..never seen a drunk on the cover of cosmo...in their drunken state...thankfully today glam isn't the 80's party, it more natural- yoga, spas..and good food..."
"it's fleur de lis, and itis one of the symbol of france, and of the province of quebec. . way back when... britain conquered the french in quebec , many people chose to relocate to louisiana. they were acadians, and that's where the term cajun come from, and they also kept the fleur de li a a symbol."
"it is not that we are so limited ourselves, rather we are being limited by yahoo! many people have asked question that we may find intriguing, but some others have found them offensive in some way and reported them. the result? interesting, challenging, pertinent question (and answers) get deleted."
"i haven't read it in a long time, but i think what happens is the little boy's father is killed, either by what is haunting the motel or his wife. i don't remember, but he dies. the cook or whoever he is - halloran, i think is his name, help the mother and son escape the motel and the topiary animals."
"well, first there were nut and liqueor. but then, people started experimenting with mix between different alcoholic beverages, which became quite popular around club and bars.. so, they`ve been using nut a an appetizer along with liquer before, and they just named them ""coctail nuts"" when served with a coctail.. coctail nut can be every nut there are, mixed or not."
try teh net.if you need any translation ask me. lol since i been a member people here been asking me to translate for them. free service!!
"yes, well here in vermont it way too cold to wear flip flops, but some peple do it. i just think there lazy and don't fell like wearing shoes."
"unfortuantely for me, we didn't have an ap history class way back when i wa in school, so i am not sure how well i could have done, but i seem to have done pretty well with just a regular history class. so, you should do very well. i plan on going back to college in january and major in history. i hope i do well."
"i have no idea, ask someone in your school what they mean by it. god bless"
i don't know what it mean but i have heard the fantasy many time over and over. maybe it is something about 'giving ' her to someone like you have total control over her and you can even control who sleep with her?
"i think they are in some ways. i live in the south, and mostly the obituary here are a flowery description of the person's life. my husband is from south dakota- their obituary are more informational- who died before them- who survived them-where they worked, etc."
it the name he used when he converted into islam. yusuf or joseph. best regards. san2
"yeah, not sure if that's it or not. can't really tell by just emailing to it, but that's probably the only way you have to try."
"i would love to know where you get your facts. the sad truth is most violence occurs inside the home, between ""loved ones"". that know no race or religion."
"something i realized a few year ago wa that thing that come from the divine are given only for us, selflessly, and only when we are truly opened to them. we cannot force them with our will, or have them forced on us.. . the nature of thing from this world is that they are selfish, using muscle, charm and deceit to force something that they want.. . a trance that limit your perception or control sound like the latter to me."
"it character do terrible thing because of their personal tragic flaws. abigail's vengefulness and lust lead her into criminal action that result in many deaths. john proctor's tragic flaw is his belief that people must, surely, pause in their hysteria to listen to reason. salem, a a town, ha a tragic flaw: it belief and submission to a religious system that take fantasy and foolishness with insane seriousness and represses people into hysteria and non-compos-mentis conditions."
"if by israel you mean the jewish people--they have not forgotten g-d's laws. in fact, more are becoming increasingly observant each day."
"we have hormone changing inside u all the time. we've been taught that it's okay to cry and talk about things, even if they're childish things."
"believe it or not, it all started with the advent of tennis shoes. at first they didn't amount to all that much, but a time went on they got better and better and people could run faster and faster, and then one day someone challenged someone else to a race and it hasn't stopped since. hope that help you?"
"good gene pool with ugly filter on . and thanks for the complament, red h/blue eyes.myself braun family."
dressing is cooked in a separate dish or oven mold . . stuffing go inside (stuffed) in what ever you are roasting
no he's not my god and never will be!!. . . i appreciate his peacefulness but that's that.
"you received an answer to your question yesterday already. if that answer wasn't helpful, get in contact with your embassy."
"according to the straight dope and wikipedia, the humpty dumpty nursery rhyme is a riddle to which the answer wa apparently ""an egg"". humpty dumpty wa slang for a short, fat clumsy person, but a person wouldn't shatter on impact, leaving the egg a the logical answer to the riddle.. . i've found far more citation listing humpty dumpty a a war machine (see links).. . personally, i never questioned it because it wa always illustrated a an egg."
the process of physically maturing. the body begin it`s transformation from child into young adult(in the biological sense). the body start changing and preparing for the possibility for procreation when one ha reached full mature adulthood. this process can start a young a 9 and finish a late a 21.
"okay, just the question made me laugh. i really don't know the answer to that, but maybe by breaking wind, you can break the monotony."
"lol thats pretty funny, your not eat cheesecake simply a mixture that ha the flavour of cheesecake. cream cheese is pretty sour in the first place which is why the flvour of cheesecake if basically sour you're just replacing that with sour cream for the flavour and sweetening it with sugar. i highly doubt however your mixture is the same texture a cheesecake and that your mixture probably a bit more sour a well."
"because it is the last time you will see that person, and you. can then saw goodbye.(even though you are not even there). it is a strange thing indeed."
"the two main ingredient of vindaloo are whole red chilles (soaked in warm water and ground to a paste) and vinegar which give the vindaloo a distinct sharp tang. follow ur friend method but instead if pre boiling the pork fry it in the masala of onion ginger ,garlic,chilli paste then add spices,vinegar water and put on boil u can also throw a few large cube of potato's in it.let it boil till the pork and potato's are fully cooked the potato's will have been mashed by this time.vindaloo should taste hot and tangy."
mainly just looks. i don't use it because it is just too much washing after.
"totally agree again! you are not allowed to sound your horn after 11pm or before 7am, yet you can do a good impersonation of the blitz 24/7 with no penalty at all!"
"it's not easy, but it get easier. i did something simlar lately and i found the more i avoided long, drawn-out conversation about sex or television show with overly lustful themes, the easier it got.. just be sure your reason are grounded and firm and purposeful."
"it refers to the distillation process. any alcohol is made by fermenting some kind of base, whether it from corn, wheat, potatoes, wine, etc. after it fermented it heated to the boiling point of alcohol, so what evaporates and then condenses is much higher in alcohol content, and that wa originally called a ""spirit"" because it is what escaped from the original base, like spirit escaping from the body."
"well, the best way is to mimic what other people have done and once you get the basic down, experiment with what work best for you.. . try something from walter foster a a starting point"
"a decanter main function is to let your wine breath (at the same time take out the unwanted sendiment, which either formed during bottle aging or for unfiltered wine) a carafe would be more on the overall dining table presentation. (of course, a nicely designed decanter play a major role on dining table presentation also)"
"blue wa seen a a strong color, the color of water and sky, and so it wa used to keep the boy strong. pink wa a weaker color, so the girl got it by default."
"well... i would guess they are just looking to look. if it bother you you should try and talk to them about it, they may not realize what theyre doing..."
nice idea!. . how about thinking about a sermon he gave or a lesson that he taught that meant a lot to you. share what god placed on your heart and how it helped you.
different file need to be saved for different times. tax are seven year but some receipt can be shredded immediately. you need to classify everything and treat it according to the law that apply.
"deed only mean you own the right to bury there, not that you own the actual land. cemetery cannot be sold for development without a re-location plan and the consent of the lot owner except in the case of eminent domain, which the government can invoke to force the re-location."
"i would change people, i am so tired of everything being a white/black issue. life is to short to keep trouble going all the time."
"the 7 room quite likely refer to the 7 circle of hell in dante's ""inferno."" no clue on the colors, but east to west is a reference to death. in greek mythology, ""going west"" (where the sun went at night) wa to die."
"i think he had longinus try and scratch it..... . guess, he went a little too deep"
"i am not quite sure what you mean by your question, but in general, the benefit of grand central terminal is that it serf a a central crucial transportation hub in midtown new york city.. . grand central terminal is a terminal for metro north rail service which serf upper manhattan, westchester county, and connecticut. grand central station on the nyc subway system is a major station for the east side subway line (4, 5, and 6) and ha crosstown service (7 and s- shuttle) that connects to time square.. . the terminal building itself is an architectural landmark, tourist attraction, and contains several shop and excellent restaurants."
"it mean to get inebriated, drunk and wasted. urban slang."
ok here's one fore u dumb-ass if your dad or mom held up a liquerstore and shot the clerk and then another costumer shot your mom or dad and killed them should u be arrested and tried for robbery and murder??????? what a dumbasss!!!!!!!!!!
"child were treated much differently back then. they were accorded little more consideration than adults, and fought on both sides, a well a serving in the navies. they also were taken a slave and used a launderers, cleaners, and factory workers. war ha always and continues to be especially hard on children."
you already are. all you need to do is realize it.. . love and blessing don
you are so right. . yes they are sad little gobshites
"i don't think so. i think it's about the efficiency of the human capitol of a country. if the country can find way to get two people's work done by one person, they will have more wealth per person. that efficiency come from education and training."
++962 is code number for jordan. or. 00962 then phone number
you can't. that is the most intelligent answer i can give.
"a monk is someone who life an ascetic lifestyle. that mean ""a rigorous denial of the body for the purpose of spiritual growth."" monk usually live alone and spend their time praying, fasting and stuff. sometimes they live in monastaries, but they still spend time alone."
tradition? i'm sure you are not saying that all american eat in the same way... but maybe some people want to cut it all up a they like eating it when it a bit cooler
"hi, psychology refers to the scientific study of the human mind, it state and it processes.. i have been studying psychology for a few year now and it is very involved!!!! all the info is far too great to write in a few short sentences."
"amazes me too - i cant even begin to understand what they are asking, yet others have written a coherant response.... . . you know what they say: bird of a feather, man...."
"for instant coffee, boil the kettle, then leave it for 10 min to cool down to 80c, otherwise you will burn the coffee and make it bitter. of course, you cannot beat freshly ground coffee put through a stovetop espresso machine"
"it is a throwback to the bad, old day when they used to claim that if someone ha so much a a drop of black blood, they were black. yes, i think it's racist, but it's become so widely accepted that i think people have forgotten about that - until someone like you pose the question.. . wouldn't it be nice if we didn't think in those term at all?"
"i believe there history well worth studying.. never studied it until i meet a filipino man who wa in the u.s. army and wa taken prisoner during ww2 and had to go threw the death march a 1000,s of others did. i find all the history interesting and there people very nice and polite"
"that's the chef's ""special sauce"". very easy to make."
"brandy will deglaze your pan, but heating water in it will work just a well and will save money. however, if you make peppered steak again, deglaze it with the brandy, light it on fire until the alcohol burn off, then add cream, it will make a great sauce for over your steak, and at the same time, you get a clean pan!"
"smile, it make people wonder what you're up to!!!"
"a long a you're motivated by love, then you can't go wrong. when you know what you're feeling is not love, then you have to be responsible and refrain"
"tetley and salada are the one i know. there are brand perhaps red rose is one if i remember correctly, that do not have the tag attached.. . salada is the one that ha a quotation or saying on the back of every tag a well. make it kinda like a cup of tea, and a morning quotation."
marry the wisest woman in the world... and do what she says. :)
germany wa ground to dust by the end of wwi. the would need assistance from other country to begin to rebuild their depleted resource in order to become self-sustaining. to avail themselves of these resource they were forced to sign the treaty accepting blame for the massive loss of life and property a a result of their effort to tyrannize europe into german subjection.
it mean son of so huw ap rhys mean huw son of rhys. nowadays it ha become part of a surname so it will remain the same throughout the generation (i.e the father of huw ap rhys might be called rhys!).
"believe me a a former chef who ha used both the main difference is you would find the white to be more musty strong, were the black more of a herby garlic taste.. . a far a uses, the italian like to use the white a a garnish to pastas, potato and risottos, the balck more prevelent in france is best used in a similar manner, although i have used it in bordelaise sauces, bearnise sauce and to finish of thing like ox tails, sweetbread and. calf brains.. . both are use in sparing quantitys, a 1/2 teaspoon is enough a they are both powerful, price wise the balck will run you $15.00 for 4-6 oz and the white will go for $20-25 for 4-6 oz, they are best kept in a cool dark place but not in the refrigerator, they break down in the cold."
"in the united states, the preparation of receiving the sacrament of confirmation usually take two years.. . contact you local parish and ask about confirmation preparation classes.. . with love in christ."
"it iron item that are forged without heating it, which make the metal harder. it wa mainly used for sturdier instrument before alloy were made"
i don't know but it is a form of mannerism that's kinda stupid. it would bother me and i'm black.. . it kinda make a person think about a cobra snake before it strikes.
he describes old age and depicts it a a time when you are 'full of the peace that come of experience'. old people 'ripen like apples' and are 'fragrant like yellowing leaves' - it's a time of 'soft stillness and satisfaction'. he state that a truthful life lead to a beautiful old age.. . it's a very positive poem about ageing.
i think you should ask to your ancestor or your forefather . they can explain you very well
"it is more subtle than vietnamese/thai/malaysian, but bland and tasteless? i had unbelievably great food when i lived there, good adobo is good even if the flavor don't jump out at you like they do in thai and vietnamese food (which incidently are my two favorites). they also have great desserts, hopefully you had a chance to try halo halo and leche flan."
"you need talent, hard work, and contacts.. . music conservatory will give all three.. . where there's really the will there's a way."
"it wa a method of editing at the time that allowed for privacy of the count____. to cause a social scandal by including a well known person or places' name in a fictional piece or gossip column wa considered extremely bad form and had some interesting consequences, like suing for slander or social suicide. gasp. can you just imagine?"
the shortest war in history wa between zanzibar and england in 1896. zanzibar surrendered after 38 minute
"genteel tradition: a term coined by critic george santayana to describe the literary practice of certain late nineteenth-century american writers, especially new englanders. follower of the genteel tradition emphasized conventionality in social, religious, moral, and literary standards. . some of the best-known writer of the genteel tradition are r. h. stoddard and bayard taylor-."
"that, to present one a mindless individual. i guess!. or to advertize chronic moronism..."
"they are two different things, both related to photography.. aperture is the opening, also called diaphragm where the light enters to strike the film and form an image.. the international standard organization, (iso) gave standars to photography in relation to film sensitivity, so every manufacturer will have in their film the same result a his competitor and we photographer will have no problem in our light calculations."
knowledge allows you to do.. . wisdom allows you to be.
"don't let the medium influence your thinking. my husband love me for who i am, curve and all. (just so you know, i am 5'4 and weigh 174 lbs) a long a you're comfortable with how you look, forget what other people say is attractive. the most attractive people are those who are confident and have a good personality, not those who are skinny and care about what other people think."
"do a ""butler's revenge"". stand next to the boss, and some other people, fart silently but smellily, then look at him in disgust."
come on now 1 gram.. when you find a butcher to sell you one gram you call me.. i want to know who they are.. thats a waste of meat or a butcher food cost deerheart it wont happen.. but im sure if you find the cost per pound and you configure it to gram then you'll have your answer..
you seem to have answered your own question. it controversial because opposing argument believe that they are correct. thats what controversy is. ask an actual question next time.
"ok, i know i'm gonna tick some people off with my opinion so do what you feel you gotta do......i use to be involved with them for about 15 year until i finally figured out what they were all about and kicked them to the curb....even if they don't all do what your co-worker and his wife are doing...trust me when i tell you that they are trying to be slick, they try to be reeeeeeeeel nice to you with all that sharing stuff in hope of gaining your trust in hope of you letting your guard down so they can put the squeeze on you to take a bible tract or start talking to you about jehovah while all the time looking for an opening to invite you to the kingdom hall. i've learned that you have to be a you put it blunt and direct to them or they will never leave you alone. and he ha alot of nerve telling you that you need to work on being so blunt when they need to work on taking no for an answer if you were being really blunt he and his wife would've understood by now that you don't want to hear that crap."
human being is just animal because we posse the trait and character of other animals'. our 98% of dna is similar to the chimp's dna. there is no way to say that human are not animals.
"an amulet is typically round and some sort of stone or gem. a talisman can be any good luck charm, and can even represent a small person, animal, or god."
"benito mussolini wa facist dictator until the allied invasion of italy. facism and nazism are essentially similar ideologies, and the two nation allied because of this. when the allied invasion removed benito mussolini from power, the nation then joined the ally (not really much of a military contribution though..)"
be friend of person like you. do good thing do not cheat others. respect elder you will lose all your inferior complex.
"you mean, how to play the keyboard? if so, they do have book for different level of play. from beginner to expert. check with your local music store."
"the cake originated in the ukrainian and slavic region of eastern europe. it may have come from the makovitza, or dance of cakes, which wa a form of harvest thanksgiving. each female dancer carried a cake made of honey and poppy-seed, and ate it to the rhythm of the dance."
"hunny it only make you stronger if you let it, look at it a privelage! my childhood sound pretty similar....it take so much time to get over it, it's not easy, but not impossible either.... you're human..and life is not easy.... just know that you are who you are, and the miserable past will only make you more compassionate towards people in your life..... everyday is a new day... live life to the fullest, you will never live the same moment twice...can't spend it miserable...you will always be different from the most around you... but it no fun if we were all the same.... god is your real daddy, and husband.... he always loved you, and will continue to do so eternally!"
"it's their version of protection bribes. think about it, it's pretty cheap eh!"
well just look at what you did... what an innovative idea bill gate and his partner had when they invented d-base - which now run the world on the web... now what is the bad thing about it .. over 400 thousand paedophile roaming the internet - every second! rip-off artist - stealing your id - your money - and in a million of case - ruining people life forever! -the list is endless... now just look at the innovative idea of the atomic bomb ... i don't need to tell you the con on that one do i?
"right. no one know what happens after death, only what they read in the bible."
"if the lemon and lime haven't been sliced, i wouldn't bother with the fridge at all...they will keep very well at room temperature. if you need a cold lemon or lime for a recipe or something, just put the fruit in the fridge for an hour or so before you're going to use it.. . if you've cut up a lemon/lime, but you've only used part of it, just wrap the rest of it very tightly in plastic wrap, and store it in the fridge. it'll be ok for several days."
"seychelles, officially the republic of seychelles (pronounced /seɪˈʃɛl/ or /seɪˈʃɛlz/; french: république de seychelles, pronounced /seʃɛl/; creole: repiblik sesel), is an archipelago nation of 115 island in the indian ocean, some 1,600 km east of mainland africa, northeast of the island of madagascar. other nearby island country and territory include zanzibar to the north, mauritius and réunion to the south, comoros and mayotte to the southwest, and the suvadives of the maldives to the northeast.. . in term of population, seychelles is the smallest sovereign state of africa."
tofu is a soy product. the plant ha to be harvested and processed in a manner similar to that which give u other grains.
"christianity, islam, and many other religion condone self flagellation. i have seen islamic men beating their back with chains, and christian one with whips."
"i agree with you on this. we all have so much in common. we all need air to live, we all have hearts, we all have brain and feeling and we all suffer. i don't understand why race always ha to be an issue."
mail it ahead of time or pay the extra money to carry over the airline maximum weight. (i think the limit is 50 lb in the u and anything over you have to pay extra)
"the language of taiwan is similar to the main language of china, which is mandarin. so download any chinese language disc and you'll get mandarin."
"well most of the time people are actually presenting their opinion a a question. they may do this to test their opinion and get objection to it so they may form a better opinion or be even more comfortable with their original. so just let these people share their opinion cuz whats the worst that could happen, people sharing idea and answers. that sound like the main purpose of this site to me."
"i do not believe in the da vinci code at all. i have compared some of the false saying in it with thing from the bible and it is completely different, a i know the bible to be the truth."
two third of st. john is a u.s. national park.. the friend of virgin island national park is dedicated to the protection and preservation of the natural and cultural resource of virgin island national park and promotes the responsible enjoyment of this unique national treasure.. the friend of virgin island national park is dedicated to the protection and preservation of the natural and cultural resource of virgin island national park and promotes the responsible enjoyment of this unique national treasure.. the friend of virgin island national park is dedicated to the protection and preservation of the natural and cultural resource of virgin island national park and promotes the responsible enjoyment of this unique national treasure.. visit their website.
"the natural oil on your skin break the surface tension of the carbon dioxide bubbles, causing them to pop. this work especially well if you overfill a glass and want to keep it from overflowing. work with any carbonated beverage, including beer :)"
depends on what province you live in. here in nova scotia it 19 but in a couple of province it only 18. the website ha it listed by province.
try interweaving flower into your beard. people may think you are just a hippie then?
"the phrase 'on cloud nine', or 'on cloud number nine', mean to be happy, to be on a euphoric high, or even [of late] to be on a drug-induced 'high'.. according to the muslim and kabbalist faiths, 7th heaven is a state of perennial joy and satisfaction - like being in the farthest of the concentric sphere containing the stars, which constitutes the dwelling place of god and the angel ! this persian expression ha found it way into english a well.. ...any standard dictionary of english idiom would list all such expression - along with their history, and meaning."
"ca mean canada, you have to live in one of the states, my husband work for a pop company and he told me what it means. we here in michigan are charged 10 cent for every bottle or can of pop we buy, then when we finish our cans, we take them to the grocery store and feed them into a bottle or can recycling machine, that spit out a ticket for every bottle or can we deposited, we then take the ticket to the cashier and get the money back or money off our groceries. we never come out ahead considering we paid for the deposit up front. cool, well not really, but i guess it make u all recycle."
"i dont really kno much about the harlem renaissance, during this prd. of time african-american culture spread through nothern state (in the u.s) this includes jazz which became real popular, also the way woman where seen and dress changed during this era. i kno it not much but hopefully it helps."
"it's a type of weaving, south american in origin, ha a spiritual/religious meaning. simplest form is the child's project with craft stick and yarn, but they can be much more eleborate than that."
well what religion or god are you trying to build a shrine to. each type of god might want a different type of shrine.
"they are supposed to puff up like a blow-fish, and will have air pocket inside where you can insert custard, whipped cream, etc. they should be lightly browned on top. then you can spread chocolate fudge on the top after filling them. yum, yum."
2 perfectly bittersweet chocolate cooky with a bit of sweet grease in the middle. they sell double stuff oreos. why not no stuff oreos?
"well your talking lucid dreaming really, being able to control your dreams. if before you go to sleep you make a concious effort to be part of your dream, try moving within your dream or saying something strange like 'peaches' every time you are in a dream you could be on a step to lucid dreaming. often though even if you manage to relive part of an old dream it will change before having a chance to do control it the way you want to."
do it in front of them and tell them to accept you a you are. they will either except it or not. at least then you wont have to hide it anymore.
"taxi are almost always more expensive. a for shuttles, there are many different kind of shuttles. some have designated route with a fixed price, others are offered by hotel a a ""free"" service, etc."
"bonifacio stand for courage and bravery, rizal for enlightenment and vision.. . the life and work of rizal show a more noble, civilized path than hacking the foes.. . bonifacio exemplifies what filipino is, rizal show u what filipino can be."
well... how to get them apart may need to be determined after you tell u what is making them stick together. i have never had to do it because i keep my photo in a box in tempurature controled room. but i think i read somewhere if you soak it in water they will come apart.... but dont quote me on this. you have to be careful though cause peeling one from the other may make the image of one tear.
"what you should do is report the question a being in breach of the community guidelines. furthermore, there is nothing to prevent you from requesting that the user's account(s) be terminated.. . what you have done instead, is to post a question that is also not valid, within the context of yahoo! answer being about knowledge sharing."
it'smore difficult because we have free will and aren't purely instinctual. we protect the weak an don't live by the survival of the fittest a animal do. that's also why it's more honorable because we carry for the lowely that can't care for themselves.
nurture is far more important because we pick up on what is happening around us.. . that's why today's generation is so different from their grandfathers.
they glorify god because they are grateful .. . .
"if someone is coked out, it mean they're either a) currently on cocaine, or b) a habitual cocaine user who is showing sign of stress and drug abuse. (for example, someone who's pale, too thin, dark circle under eyes, red nose, ratty hair, deep scratch mark on arms, whatever)"
society is still not fair to females. i try to answer each question a if it wa my own kids. i don't have website or a degree but i did have two kid so i try to answer effectively. some of the meanest answer come from other kids.
"cause people are into the easy way out, quick fix ect ect most people these day dont take being married seriously enough so they end up calling it quits after only a few years. it not about them being young, it about how mature they are a a couple and how much they love eachother. also it really hard just starting out money is usually tight so it easy to fight."
"put the money for the drink in an envelope along with a note of apology. send it to the store right away. let the stain of what you did be wiped away from your heart, but don't ever let the memory of how awful it made you feel be wiped away from your mind."
"this is a great opportunity to prevent your child from growing into a judgemental adult. just tell your child that all people are different, and we are to respect them all. you might even tell your child that some people do not identify a the same gender a their biological sex, and that it is okay that they don't. they are still people just like anyone else."
"well um since my name is john i guess they are talking to me....most peopld you use boy after are joking and are referring to a television show back in the late 60's early 70's called ""the waltons"" which is actually ironic cause my mother maiden name is walton. otherwise no big bad meaning of john boy...."
"becuase in the 80's there wa a program with real ballroom dance group called come dancing, then there wa an australian film called strictly ballroom, . the bbc ha managed to amalgamate the both"
^ this is not pathetic fallacy...a pathetic fallacy is when the outside environment reflects the tone of a work (i.e. it is raining and the tone is sad or it is sunny and the tone is happy)...this seems more like simply characterization...when an author relies on various physical characteristic to describe a character
contact the u embassy there and ask them for details. good luck.
"regular homogenized milk contains 4% butterfat, but call itself ""regular milk"" . 2% milk is for people who are looking to reduce that fat content by half. 1% milk is for other people who are looking to drink milk that is only 25% a fatty a regular milk.. skim milk ha .5% fat, and is therefor 12.5% a fatty a regular milk."
simply know that those who do you wrong will be taken care of and just worry about doing what you want to do.. . peace!
"i am nigerian american, even though i didn't live their my parent told me a lot of story about the negative aspect such a property and disease that they endured. but there is also a beautiful aspect to nigeria and africa in general that never get shown in the worldwide media."
"dr claire week (author of ""peace from nervous suffering"") says, ""a blush is caused by the nerve controlling the blood vessel in our face and neck becoming so startled by emotion - fear, anger, shame - that they suddenly release their grip and blood flood into the vessels."" trying not to blush make it that much worse!"
"god ha given u a contract on this earh it start with birh & end with death,. when contract finish it is death.. sh"
"logically speaking...god cannot have children...as he doe not beget or is begotten.. . however, i suggest you go and read the original version of those scriptures...then make a conclusion.. . if the original say is a well, it would be safe to assume that all that talk about son and father is probably just figurative language."
i'm not. mar can go un-colonized for all i care.
don't waste your time worrying. would it really improve your life if you knew. just get on with living and enjoy life and try to be a good human being.
"if your partner doesn't, neither should you. it's hard if you're partner is passive in that aspect, though."
ever heard of groundnut or in pure hindi terminology 'moongphalli'. that is a peanut
"how many have u seen, i m an asian, and i do not shuffle my feet, although have seen many here in europe, where i am rt. now, who do and got annoyed myself.demeneurs and personality trait differ all over the world, if u make this a stereotype thing, u'll start getting angry whenever u see an asian, illogically, without any reason....it would be far beyond the shuffling thing."
"perhaps paper mache and paint molded over a 2-litre bottle or a bowl would work. find a picture online--do a search for ""african tribal mask."""
"the kidnapping and mass murder are being done by the insurgents. only a relatively small percentage of iraqi were killed by americans. almost all iraqi were killed by foreign insurgent and by other iraqis.. . they kill each other there every day, and our troop get killed by getting between them."
many early colonist were willing to put up with great material hardship in order to have freedom and self determination.. . capitalism.
"i have a couple tip for pumpkin pie; not really sure why the separating thing happens; before you put the pie filling in the pie crust, brush the inside with egg whites-it will help prevent a soggy crust. also instead of evaporated milk use half and half or the liquid whipping creme and add 2 tablespoon of flour to the filling.(most recipe call for the can of milk, use 1 cup of half and half or whipping creme) this make an amazing filling. i also don't do the high then low temp..use a glass pie plate(best for browning) and put the pie on the lower rack at 350..hopefully this helps."
"god is male and female, alpha and omega, beginning and end. . . the reason he is refered to a he is that his just/righteous side is dominate over his mercy/love side."
yup. they need to place themselves at the pinnacle of the universe and evolution prof otherwise.
"pig are considered dirty. cow are sacred and jew dont eat shellfish,christians can eat anything they like apart from themselves and other humans."
maybe he eats bean too often? it could be a medical condition.
"we celebrate it because it is the birth of jesus christ. we (christians) also celebrate easter because it wa then that jesus awoke from the dead, three day after he wa crucified."
the more film they watch the more entertainment tax they give and increase the economy of the country!!!!
"maybe replacing negative self-talk with positive. i've also heard that writing affirmation down and doing something 21 time is very effective, and entrenches new neural pathways."
"often a dog howling can set others off in the vicinity,causes are various in that they can howl co they hear a wailing fire engine,ambulance or similar.. maybe their owner are away and they feel miserable and howl a in sadness plus i have known dog to howl co they are locked in small confines.. they like u express themselves, this is one way for them to communicate their feeling to other dog a well a trying to get attention of their owners...hope this helped..cheers"
usually for those who have served their country. you don't have to die in battle to be recognized a a soldier.
"first wrap it in a layer of tissue paper, then at least one layer of bubble wrap, paying special attention to the corner and bottom. then, you're ready for the gift wrap. if you're wrapping it to send it to someone, do all the above, then box it."
"kina lillet. . it's a substitution for lillet vermouth, but a mistake - too bitter."
my friend and i vote that you should have to give all your money to us. pay up.
"it's just a culture-specific thing. in china, their funeral color is white."
it actuall +44 to ring the uk. dial 0044 20 7797.... all you need to do is miss off the first zero
"i would guess that the buttermilk would be brushed on top prior to baking. i've honestly never heard of brushing with buttermilk but i have heard of using it a an ingredient.. . but to your question... butter is usually brushed on after baking, like i said though i would guess it is brushed on before baking to create a crustier top."
"marx (conflict) would probably say that binge drinking is one of the way that the bourgeoise make sure that the proletariat stay subordinate and continue to show up for work - people work, get paid, spend all their money drinking, and have to keep working in order to make more money... the cycle continues, and the bourgeoise maintain control of the mean of production, while the proletariat are left with no option but to continue producing in order to survive. binge drinking help to keep the capitalist machine working.. a far a the functionalist theory, think about how binge drinking contributes to society (it must contribute somehow if every part exists to make the larger society function a a whole...). fuctionalists might say that binge drinking help to advance society by weeding out the dumber, slower people (much like natural selection work in nature) - most people live their life and contribute to society without much trouble.... binge drinker may contribute, but they can cause more harm by binge drinking and fighting, commiting other crimes, etc... and these are the one who are weeded out. the dumber, more useless member of society drink themselves stupid and drive their car off cliffs, slash each other's throat with broken bottles, etc... leaving more smarter, useful member of society to make sure that it continues to grow and function..."
"i believe that can be correlated with a phrase i coined: ""as crutch are to a man with a broken leg, so is religion to the mind that is feeble."" religion can be blamed for so many of society's ills, a well a effort to impede progress in the science and societal developments."
"because popularity is just so over-emphasized in high school. make one wrong move and it haunt you throughout your high school career, and a lot of teen don't want to deal with that mess."
"the 'battle of trafalgar wa fought on 21 october 1805, is part of the war of the third coalition assembled by britain against france. it wa the most significant naval battle of the napoleonic wars.the british commander admiral lord nelson died late in the battle, by which time he had ensured his place a britain's greatest naval hero.the 200th anniversary of the battle wa marked by trafalgar 200 celebration in britain."
"desire overrules objectivity to put it simply. obsessive-compulsive disorder, an anxiety disorder, with a potentially disabling condition that can persist throughout a person's life. the individual who suffers from ocd becomes trapped in a pattern of repetitive thought and behaviour that are senseless and distressing but extremely difficult to overcome. ocd occurs in a spectrum from mild to severe, but if severe and left untreated, can destroy a person's capacity to function at work, at school, or even in the home."
"take the next earliest flight lol . . try dhl, fedex they kinda do it. bigger parcel take the next earliest flight"
"of course there is a bridge in london called london bridge - next to the railway station of the same name. it is not tower bridge however, and is of no architectural significance . i'm not sure exactly the height but i would say about 40 meter above the water is where the road is, and then maybe a meter or two for the rail. because it is so exposed it is often very wet and windy to walk across!"
"i got a thumb down for expressing sympathy, asking someone to email me and giving them a suicide hotline number. i get thumb down because i am an atheist and some people know it. so no matter the answer, you get a thumb down."
people make the party good. if you have a good mix of people then it should be fine. have some good food and music!
"this is a serious question,and can do a lot for the betterment of the mankind.. i think chapter should be added to various book of all the standards(at all levels). in india school are utilising the pta fund for the personal need of the school and school authorities,this is high time that it should be utilised for educating such thing by creating situation and letting the child participate actively.after the drill the video coverage should be shown to the student to tell them what wa right direction and which student were on right track,such student should be given award in the shape of memento and cash.. elder people do not have the tendency to learn what to talk of listen,therefore such thing should be taught at school level."
if we shortchange ourselves and accept something in blind faith then we have stopped our search for truth.... . it is like the pioneers: they all set out trying to get to the pacific but some gave up and settled down somewhere inbetween. they never got the chance to finish the journey.... . - atmadeepo bhava -
mohandas k. ghandi died for his country. he wa murdered by a hindu fanatic.. . he wa killed for reason only a fanatic understands.
"well in my opinion, you can only understand life backwards. so i look back at thing ive seen and done in the past to appreciate every spectrum of life and it meaning."
"the same reason all shakespeare's tragedy are tragedies: the demise of the primary charachter or character at the end is brought about by their own doing. macbeth set into motion the thing that ultimately brought about his downfall by offing the king and banquo and everyone else; letting his wife run the show for him, and so on. the same thing are true in hamlet's case; romeo and juliet's; othello's, etc.."
grab a mexican. he'll do it for about $20.
i am very well. thank you for asking and how are you on this fine evening?
"like, bimbo also.........sometimes pause for no reason? like, ...................... they want you to pay close attention to this next bit? because it's really important? but then...............like.............. it isn't?"
"to give me something to do for the 5 day it took me to get it out of my 4 kid hair, and the house. i hate lice. ew. darn school."
oil price are quoted spot. at least brent oil is.
"because very few people have an understanding about what psychology is.. . though on saying that, i read a good article about clinician who do actually use dream analysis (to what success i have to wonder) who talk about the standard interpretation being useless a we are all different and so we should look at interpreting our own dream individually. a they said, what a house mean to a builder might mean something different to an arsonist.. . i still see the whole thing a crap so i agree with you 100% but for those out there who really must use dream interpretation, look at your dream by yourself."
"asking what is worth more is like asking what is worth more 1 hour or 3600 seconds? both are the same amount, just measured in different units.. . at a bank you can swap $us1 for around 117.8yen, so this mean that can swap $us250,000 for 29,461,104yen, or in other words, around 29 million yen."
"most church (methodist, episcopal, presbyterian), broke away from the catholic church at one time or another over traditions, ceremony and belief that were added to what the bible taught. everybody had their on idea of how to do it. the baptist and congregational church separated from them because we accept only the bible a our guide - tradition are not a important a the bible. and we believe that a personal relationship with jesus is what make one a christian - not being a member of a church."
it different to people. i think the meaning of life is to be happy with what you did in life. it being able to reflect on what you did and not be ashamed of it. that's what the meaning of life is to me.
"add a whole carrot it will pull the acid into the carrot, discard the carrot. sometimes the bitterness come from the metal can and you cant cook it in an aluminum pot tomato react with the metal."
"even if the tripoli treaty didn't exist, we still know that the founding fathers, most of whom were men of faith, believed one's faith or moral philosophy to be a personal matter. they didn't conceive of the u.s.a. a a christian nation, but took step to insure that it would be a free nation, where every person ha the right to follow his conscience in such matter and the government doesn't have the right to dictate what anyone must believe or not believe."
there's only one difference. champagne is from the region of the same name in france and sparkling wine can be from anywhere.
"it sound close. usually a renaissance man is one who ha knowledge of a variety of fields--e.g. philosphy, science, art, literature etc.--someone like leonardo da vinci."
"the gregorian calendar is... a modification of the julian calendar, it wa first proposed by the calabrian doctor aloysius lilius, and wa decreed by pope gregory xiii, for whom it wa named, on 24 february 1582 via the papal bull inter gravissimas. it year are numbered based on the traditional birth year of jesus christ, which is labeled the ""anno domini"" era.. . more at wiki..."
i dont see anything wrong with it. are you sure it wa removed?
love. i want someone a man around my age to love me for i've never had that happen. i'm 21 and still have never been kissed. it convinces me i'm going to be alone for the rest of my life and that i'm ugly.
"it could be ""hey"" a in yo, whats up.. or. ""you"" a in what's up, yo.. . i asked my friend this lol."
whatever is easy is preferred to what is appropriate and healthy. man always prefers the short cut rather than the right ones.
"it may be japanese, but i cannot tell for sure. . . the ending -cho may be common in japanese a a symbol that mean ""the oldest"", but my japanese isn't good enough to provide a better translation of that name."
"the ugliest person i have ever met wa a racist. he did not have a kind word about any race. obviously, i did not continue my association with this man."
"i think the idea is that a woman will look at those model and think, ""wow, if i wear that bra/panty, i'll look like adriana lima!!"" cuz that's what i think of course when i put on my ipex bra.... they probably sell more lingerie that way."
you can call the local authority there and they will tell you who to contact !!
"bat out of hell - meatloaf. i first heard this song in 1985, and my parent were into rock music. i kinda grew up with rock, and this song is the ultimate rock song. and, it seems to be a song about the way life ha gone so far too........."
a hummingbird move it wing so fast it can hover in one place. the same is true for a helicopter with it propeller.
the word 'dogma' meant the same thing then a it doe now:. a religious doctrine that is proclaimed a true without proof
"the power u said .all r contains energy and all need enrgy to happen or run.cosmic energy is basic sourse .in ancient time they said,if u become 100% receptive to cosmic energy u dont need to consume any oral food or drink.and there are diffrent type of cosmic energy which give u diffrent powers.. fire water air earth and space are the elements. mind ,body physic are tool of u ,and dependes upon u how u use it."
"i really get irked by the one who feel the need to call themselves ""reverend""...misinterpretation of the idea that we are all clergy, which only meant we didn't need a mediator between ourselves and deity, not that we should all be ordained.. . for the most part even those who earn title within their own tradition find out that it doesn't really mean jack outside of their tradition."
jesus christ. you were created by him and for him. he love you...
the low bar were for woman who rode bike in skirts. it wa a modesty thing. the high bar wa probably more stable (and used a bit le pipe) so it wa used for men's bike (who had no need for the modesty provided by a low bar). now it's just done that way because it's traditional.
"i also found: lara croft tomb raider ""cradle of life"" (kolebra zivota). it is wrong spelled. the translation is on serbian and it should be ""kolepka zivota"" - so it's not your word.... . to me it sound more spanish, like ""snake"".... good luck!"
it help to beef you up! it very tasty n lot of variety!
this is gonna sound a bit strange but it really doe work:marinate it in coca cola for an hour before you cook and then fry it over medium low heat til it is cooked to the desired temperature. it will be extremely tender.
"they add an enzyme called lactase. this break the larger lactose into two smaller sugars, galactose and glucose. this is also why lactose-free milk taste a bit sweeter than regular milk."
"inject it with butter and rub butter all over it too,. happy thanksgiving!"
indifference they show no emotion act can of cold ness can be very good but thease folk will give tell sign like licking their lip or blinking something to let you and themselves tell that they are lyng true nutts of coldness . show no sign they are inable to feel so very sad they will be like a died burn out tree or something unable to get the emotion so indifference is all that is expressed.
"while this ha been true, i think recent dialogue are changing the common perception. it would be interesting to see how the issue change in poll results, now that sam harris' and richard dawkins' book are out and receiving such positive press."
*use window paint in the programs. you can throw a many pic in there a you want and save it.*
"because in the first place,why do they make and sell them,and what doe expels more dangerous emission ,cigarettes,cars,or any factory doing the same.(carbon monoxide)?"
i think it originates from having used a finger from each hand to form an actual cross. over time it became more practical to use two adjoining finger on the same hand(the non dominant one) a it allowed the free hand to work on the task at hand
"all small region fear absorption by their larger neighbours. add to this the long felt distrust between catholic and protestants, and you have problems."
"i ask the waiter first just to make sure that is what i can eat, or point at it and say 'i'll try this one'. simple it is."
to reinforce the paper. liquid is absorbed into paper. the wax is a barrier. make sense?
"people can get frustrated very east and don't have a lot of patience, especially if they have to go somewhere in a hurry. no one know for sure, but my guess is that it is something of an oc (obsessive compulisve) they like to press buttons, but since they have nothin else to do, they will press the button ""50"" times. people dont know limits, and they think that will speed the light, so they can move fasater"
"a cross is a symbol reminding u that jesus wa crusified and died so that people could be forgiven for their sins, i have a few cross around and wear them too. your rosary bead sound beautiful. treasure them and if they are not blessed go ask a priest to bless them."
"i would think, for jews, there is sufficient reason to be jewish, and not sufficient reason to be christian. part of the sufficient reason to be jewish is being born into it (for most jews) and believing in one god, rather than the metaphorical, hypothetical, and mystical trinity. the reason you mentioned certainly contribute to wanting to keep to the jewish community."
"because pepper is sprinkled all over your grub but salt would be placed, in a neat pile on the side to add when required. also one may use there finger to sprinkle the salt on side of plate but imagine doing that with pepper.....atchooooo"
emo ---> emotionals.. . . they are just people who get upset really easy. not all of them cut their skin.
"i don't know what you mean by efficiently, but if you mean a many book a possible in a short amount of time, try children's books. you would be surprised at the vocabulary in them. also try 6th grade reading level book that are about 80 pgs long."
"rhythem is the way that a melody is broken up into seperate measurable segment defined by the meter of said melody. often time a melody ha no meter and is compleatly free flowing, but more often than not in western popular music and artistic music there is a standard meter and rhythem"
dont go by hte name of the clinic. go by the specialist name. ask ur friend collegue or a trusted doctor.. ultimately nim is the best place to go for any othopedic treatment.
"sweet milk is just white milk. in the country, at least in the country in the south, the old timer call plain white milk sweet milk. it's ""sweet"", a opposed to buttermilk, which is tart or sour. if the recipe called for ""eagle brand"", it would ask for sweetened condensed milk."
"history tell u many things. what happend in the past can affect what you a an individual doe in your lifetime. such a , the effect of war and or the causes. how to better improve the light bulb or something a complex a to curing a disease."
"well, there is a difference between moving to a country to settle, in which case it is perfectly reasonable to expect to learn the language, and just visiting!. i've just finished reading j k jerome's 'three men on the bummel' which wa written over 100 year ago, but raise a similar point, about the prevalence of anglophones in europe compared with our lack of polyglot skill ourselves. he put it down to weakness in our education system, and i think he had a point. for example, i can't speak french, i can only speak 'o level french' which seems to be a language unique to english schools!"
"thrust ha to do with the speed of the aircraft,creating enough speed to achieve lift.the wing get lift by air traveling faster under the wing than on top of it.drag is used to stabilize the aircraft(ailerons etc.)gravity is what happens when you slow down the aircraft,creating le lift(air under the wings)"
they probably think it's contagious. lol. who knows? but it's pretty stupid the way people act about it.
"by carefully vectoring his ""light effects"" shade and colors.... . whites, yellows, red and blues."
"it may be that you have older spices, the take aways use freshly-ground spice in their curry. try buying new spice about every month."
i never tried this but i have heard that if you add a peeled potato and cook for 10 min or so (don't chop potato) then the saltiness will reduce. good luck
"what u can do is find a store that sell really cheap thing like big lot or u can ask a friend if they have old christmas stuff that's in good condition if u can have it. a for decorating you house, i would say on the outside, try decorating a couple of tree with lights, put a santa in a sled with reign deer in the front, and if u want to go crazy, u should put a snow man or the santa stuff on your roof. also try putting a couple of snow men in your fron lawn."
"=click on the link below it is a great slang and pretty current web dictionary. i agree with let hang out or have fun and the meaning of ""fun"" is open!."
"they want to know the door's open, should they choose to enter. i say this a a same-sex-married woman who occasionally flirts."
"it's up to the publisher what type of information end up on each page. sometimes, it's the title of the book, sometimes, the chapter, sometimes the author. most likely, accompanied by the page number. the publisher decides the layout."
"""the walrus and the carpenter"" . by lewis carroll"
"it depends on the mark on the letter o. it may have many meaning such a starting, handsome, smart, etc"
"this won't really help find a group, but it might work. ask everyone you see who is shivering and shaking where they are from."
it not immoral.. society want u to think it is because the majority of people cant accept what they dont understand. they fear people who are not like them and therefore need to villify u because we do not fit the cookie cutter standards.
"sambuca is infused with a good number of botanicals, most noticeable is anise. it high alcohol content dissolve essential oil from the herb and it remains a clear solution. adding water reduces the alcohol percentage and cause the oil to essentially un-dissolve from the alcohol and become suspended in the diluted alcohol. coming out of solution like this make the oil visible and render the liquid translucent where it wa clear before."
"011-44--20-7797-#### . 44 is the country code for uk. lose the first ""0"" in the number when dialling from the u"
"i'm wondering if you mean a shirtwaist blouse/dress? this is simply a woman's blouse that is designed similarly to a man's shirt (button front, button-cuff sleeve if it ha long sleeves, standing collar, etc.), or a dress that give the impression that the top part is such a blouse. the most common style of this garment that i've seen come from the 1950s, but i have also seen them depicted in u.s. pioneer-style clothing of the mid-to-late 1800s."
"we actually don't, although we're depicited a such in many film and television shows. it's called ""stereotyping."""
"what god?. all these rule were put down by men, pretending to hear the word of god, but actually putting down their own opinion of right and wrong."
"i dont. my thing is this...people say ""oh he should have been killed in that accident, but god wa there to save him and all he got wa a broke back and two broke legs"" if there is a god, why didnt he stop the accident in whole? it drive me nut when people use that a an excuse"
1) a strong warrior. 2) the main character of a story.. 3) someone who take action to save others despite consequences.
"somehow you will use this during your life time. trust me, it is not for nothing."
"??? just putting border down and changing a name doe not make thing le crowded! you want people to move away from each other? i think there is a cabin that the unibomber is looking to rent out, go there!"
"depends on what you're using it for. if it's to coat something before frying, try corn starch instead. it's not a heavy a regular flour and doesn't soak up a much grease. also get crispier."
i heard that there is certain chemical in garlic that make that happen. the chemical mixed with the other ingredient turned blue.
an entente is informal it is merely an understanding. an alliance is more precise and is defined by a treaty
"people who don't talk negatively, always see the bright side, always put a positive spin on things, . people who are smiling, assertive, friendly, and radiating optimism, people who seem very confident and don't see the bad a much a the good..."
"i think one sell orange on the freeway, and the others stand outside of home depot, looking for work.. . /kidding"
"i agree, most won't just leave it alone and move forward and improve their lives. they dwell on the past. some think that because of what happened hundred of years, that everyone owes them something."
"they didn't shower much.... and they loved those wunderbaaaaaaars, ha ha, ha, ha!!. . (you'd have to have seen the tv commercial)"
"i believe the spirit is the fuel of life from god. the mind exists if the brain works. the soul is yourself which only exist if you mind exists. without the spirit though, nothing exists."
yes but only if it's what you really want. being happy is more important than fixing it all....remember it's easier without the slope.
"we....watch movies, eat a feast with egg nog, sit downstairs by the fire, and have family time. ^_^......not all at the same time though o.o"
she ruled with her step-son and her daughter from the pharoah her husband that died. she built the female pharoah cemetary and monument on the otherside of the valley of the king wa the valley of the queens. she also ruled like a man.
"yes, they do it on purpose to mess with your head. that way you have to buy extra buns, then you have to run out and buy more dogs, then you have to go out and get more bun again, and so on and so on. personally, i only eat half the bun with each dog, but invite a many people over a you need to to get it to add up."
"it the month long celebration of mustache of the world... and is a contraction of the words, 'moustache' and 'november'.. . and i am american."
"time march forward, today's fashion is based on the look of the late '70s, i know l grew up then.. a for the smut that is being sold in stores, that is why it's so important to do all you can do a a parent to make sure your kid are safe, and to create a better example for the next generation.. the future of tomorrow is being raised today..."
limit immigration from arabic countries. refuse to listen to religious propaganda. outlaw all religious propaganda in prisons.
"it depends, where you are travelling from. . every cuontry ha hajj agent locally, contact one of them because you cannot travel without them a per the saudi law.. and you dont have to take many books, just 1 or 2 authentic ones, that all..... take care and good luck."
"eat well, play well, make people grin from time to time, and enjoy life. all thing in moderation"
"in the short-run, rising debt mean higher inflation and higher interest rates. in the long-run, it may also mean higher taxes."
the speed of light is an illusion imposed upon u by the almighty. he let you see the light whenever he want you to.
well a a student i agree it's hell already juz trying to complete my homework. (at least i did it!) but still if that's cruel to u wat abt other stuff? it's the how u see thing that make it peaceful or cruel.
because i always look on the negative side of everything.. the worse thing is i'm usually right
"because they can't bring themselves to believe in god. faith is something separate from reason, and some of u just don't have faith. there is nothing we can do to change that. if you have it, may god's love be with you, for the rest of us, we'll have to learn to survive without noticing it."
"adhd usually get more attention because it more profound, the kid can become rowdy and loud which scream look at me. . whereas a child with depression is quiet and so most don't notice a much"
what percentage of the electorate actually understands anything more profound than which team won the last ball game?. . a to your question; i think it is highly likely that there is a correlation.
on the cheek you can....but you don't have to. hand shake is fine a well
"probably so they wouldn't have to commit troop that could be in the line to guarding them. they had to be fed and housed, so that would be easier in britain and the u.s. than in europe.. . plenty of german and italian pow were sent to the state during the war and camp built all over the country to keep them. i'm from oklahoma, and one wa located outside my hometown."
"in the fall/winter we are on standard time. therefore, it's dark when i get up and dark when i leave work. i find that the absence of light affect my mood (negatively) and reduces my energy and creativity."
i used to be a ya!holic once but after a while this place began to change so miserably u wouldnt imagine. now i try coming in weeks. ive really sort of tired looking at the same question and rant here.. . may b jibba jabba and sho nuff -- feel the same way like me to too.
"i think that any type of verbal abuse directed at a particular skin color is offensive. if people frown upon one certain type of harrassment more than another, that's their problem."
there wasn't an ancient greek state to give citizenships. . in the ancient greek city - state you were becoming a citizen only by blood (if your father wa an athenean you wa going to become athenean citizen).. . the ancient greek knew better and they never gave citizenship to barbarian and believer of stupid religions...
the bacteria feed on the sugar in the milk ( lactose ) and produce lactic acid. this give the milk it sour tart taste.
i am currently living in taiwan and i know there is a mandarin version of angel and demon a well a ....code available. i do not know about you just don't understand.if you have any asian friend (taiwan hong kong etc. etc.) get them to pick you up a copy next time they go home.both book are very popular with madarine readers....code wa number one in taipei for over a year and is still in the top five list.i think i even saw a madarin copy of a.& d a few week ago in some used book shop.
"dont pack them while warm, they will get moldy very quickly i learned that from past experiences. i would definately put bread in them even to send overseas, and put them in ziplock baggies"
"get a copy of the ""writers and artist yearbook"" on sale at any good bookshop, and contact one of the company pertaining to illustrators. they will give you good advice, if not even hire you."
"freedom to me, is to be able to walk where i want, get a glass of water, food when i want, too be able to have a say on all subject matter with respect when i want, too be able to demonstrate with respect to other and the law of the country aussie. to have the right to vote and the equal right of other in the country, a place to live. i think freedom is not just about being free and by not having freedom is about being confined in a small space. it is about human right and justice, equality, respect, boundaries."
good point. i think we can only put it down to human idiocy!
"i believe in dunking in water because that is the example given in the bible. flowing water may not always be available so a baptismal tub would be okay. but before you get baptized, ask your pastor or whoever lead your church about the true reason for baptism and make sure you understand it before you get baptized"
"butter ha a more solid consistency than margarine. this consistency is needed for rolling out cookie dough, and also help the dough maintain it's shape when it is cooked. unsalted is due to the fact that cooky require only a small amount of salt, the additional salt can affect the taste."
they if warm or heat is near them. store them in a cold area not thge freezer but or frig but somewhere were they will stay at a good temp
"to me, frog leg taste like cornish game hen legs. it's a little greasier than chicken. also a little sweeter."
"ask an honest question you should get an honest answer.. ask a rude question, expect a rude answer.. ask a silly question, expect to be teased.. those should be the rules, sadly they are not. i guess it depends on how each individual perceives the question."
see page 17 of the pdf listed below. (page 12 of the manual). . the button to open the back is on the left side close to the bottom.
"kasar 777 ,this number is the number of heaven , but you belong in purgatory! there is no such language a american language ,what is spoken in the united state is plain english a lo americano! capish?"
surely you know the answer to this without asking. braille is for blind people and it's the law.
"in medival times, blue wa believed to have magical power of protection. blue blanket and blue clothing were used for male child because they were considered more valuable than female children."
"it's all to easy for people to say ""snap out of it"" when a person is depressed, but i think the answer to it is whether you are a negative or positive person. negativity only bring on more negative thoughts, if you think positive it open up a whole new world for you..............i speak from expeirience. when you awaken in the morning and feel ready to face the world you're half way there. good luck to you."
"chinese hot mustard and a chili garlic sauce, in the store the indonesian/vietnamese srichaia is the best, mustard is made with dry english style mustard powder and rice wine vinager and is the consistancy of regular yellow mustard, some chinese or asain grocery store sell it already but the chili sauce is available everywhere even. you local grocery store"
"oh yes and dont forget the kind, bright individuals.. who pull out in front of you at an unmarked intersection when there is no traffic behind you and then they make a left turn at the next corner. gotta love them. why cant we have laser installed on the front of our cars."
"the homeless can't get jobs..they can't get benefit either...with no address. if they were not homeless, they would be able to have food to eat, clothes to wear and maybe get a job. they can't get healthcare because you can't see a md without paying up front.society suffers because these people can't work and contribute..we suffer because a lot of homeless people steal just to be able to eat day to day or they still blanket to cover up with...it affect everybody in one way or the other."
"number 1: is it fan assisted, for if so, it cut cooking time by quite a lot. two: don't panic, a i did, when it appears to 'go out' a it continues during cooking to go on and off. after a few week you would not go back to gas. a for the turkey, have you tried cooking it 'upside down' - the breast underneath for the first hour or two - it keep the meat lovely and moist - bootiful...."
"i wa never worried or confused about santa, you see all type of movie and hear all the story about him. the fact that your parent are there when you meet him and you know he is going to bring you some present might have something to do with him being an okay stranger to meet."
it not just atheist that do this. if you look around everybody doe it.. it's just the human nature to criticize other people to make themselves feel more supreme
did you preheat the oven? sometimes if the oven isn't preheated the outside will get baked quicker w/out the inside being able to catch up.
"laissez faire is a french term that mean ""hands off"". in economics it mean that the government stay out of the economy and let thing work themselves out."
"fold the paper in third with the printing inside and the letterhead portion on top so that when it is opened that is the first thing the recipient see and place in a #10 (business) envelope. if a #10 envelope is not available and you must use a smaller one, then fold the paper in half (top to bottom) then fold in third and place in the envelope with the folded edge at the top. make it easier to remove from the envelope and le chance of a paper cut when removing it."
take 2 piece of bread and slice away the border and put butter. take some boiled ham and place it on top and put 1 slice of cheese and top with some lettuce and place the remaining bread on top
"good sex is dependant on if the person involved think it's good. what i find good the next person might not.. . do what you enjoy & enjoy what you do, do it safe & consentual & it's all good."
"they are related because they are all ""social sciences"" psychology focus on the individual, anthropology is the study of the cultural development of people, and sociology is the study of human social behavior. studying psychology alone won't give you a wider knowledge of the other two, thats why they are different subject"
"you just turn up between 9 and 5, no probs. good luck!"
they do it just to bug you and make you miserable. is that what you wanted to hear?
sadly many old people everywhere have such lonely life that they have nothing better to do. it give them a purpose in life. be tolerant and ignore any undeserved critisism.
"i don't know whether they still occur or not, but a a christian, i am personally appalled and repulsed by them. please understand that many people who call themselves christian perform act in the name of their religion that christ himself would have strongly condemned."
"good question. i just started this book and it isn't quite clear to me yet, but it's certainly an intense read. i would recommend it if you're willing to fry your brain a bit."
success in life is when you have acheived peace and happiness within yourself and contentment with who you are. i have done this but i don't have much money. it doesn't take money to have a successful life.
"both side need to compromise alittle more. no one is better than the other. ""pick your fights"" think about the long term effect of a disagreement....is it really that important? if not, then back away..if it is, then standfirm."
"the steering wheel on a ship is called the ""helm"". the person to steer the wheel is called the ""helmsman"" who carry out the ""helm orders"" from whoever is in charge."
"amen,,, i agree with you,, i have never smoked, but i don't think it is fair what they are doing to the people who smoke. that is their choice and right to smoke. but their right have been removed."
she'd just left a scientology meeting but she's not necessarily a member. hopefully she isn't a member... it's a scary cult with which one should never be involved.
"wilbur is a young pig living on a farm in new england who's terrified that he'll end up on the dinner table. his friend, charlotte, is a charming spider, who come to wilbur's rescue. she weave word into her web, convincing the farmer that wilbur is a special pig, too special to kill."
"i think your confusion on the pronunciation lie in the fact that in australia it is spelled shiraz, but in france they spell it syrah. in any case the first is shi-razz and the latter, see-rah. same grapes, different country."
because she want her name in the guiness book of record saying 'first princess on earth that went to space.' purely cosmetic reason for i don't think she can end world hunger or bring world peace from it.
"it is illegal to purchase, sell, grow, give, receive, take across the border and posse any amount of marijane. also in christinia (though the police for many year turned a blind eye when it came to christinia)."
"piece of boiled chicken-shredded. broth cube in boiling water, and cooked springy noodles. carrot and celery is optional! it is the best food ever."
"it's hard to put your foot down, but in order to be an adult you must do this. and it will be uncomfortable at first, but you practice saying this and eventually it will get easier.. . when you are gentle but firm, you will be one of the best people in the world."
"subliminal message don't have an effect on our behavior. because they are subliminal (the subliminal is below the liminal-the smallest detectable sensation) they wouldn't register in our conscious brain, therefore having no real impact on a human. they often aren't consciously detectable which mean that you wouldn't realize the message wa there, thus you wouldn't act on it. there have been a few case about subliminal message in music that supposedly caused people to committ murder-you should search for those and decide what you think."
"classy can mean possessing elegance, the attribute of being tastefully designed, decorated and maintaining refined grace and dignified propriety ie unusually effective and simple visual stimulus are frequently considered elegant if a small number of color and stimulus are used, emphasizing the remainder. the color white is often associated with elegance, usually along with blue or black.. trashy is associated with waste, unwanted or undesired material left over after the completion of a process. for example wearing a visually extreme scheme of colors, appearing to have no moral or appearing to be put together in an illogical and over complicated way therefore giving the appearance of being badly or hastily put together."
because the catholic church lost it influence over the eastern roman empire (byzantium) and because of this schism the eastern roman empire wa left without any ally and finally they were conquered by the ottoman who were muslims. a a result they completely lost their influence on that part of the mediterranean.
"i would think that besides the cholesterol and fat it would be the digestive process,,,i have heard that consuming red meat take a toll on the colon...but what do i know!!!! pas the steak please!!!!!!!!"
"depends on the context it could mean: cuties, pimps, kept men specially the last two because it is in the masculine form and chulo is not always used on men, it can be but it isn´t. it´s not a bad word but trough time it ha acquired that connotation, it is more used to describe girl chula or chulas, at least in mexico"
use heavy (or whipping) cream and beat it on the highest speed with your mixer until peak form. it help to chill the bowl and beaters. you can add sugar to taste and a little vanilla or other flavor extract.. . do not overbeat -- you will make butter instead of whipped cream!
"beer and wine kit are available at many supermarket and home brew store a well a the bottles, cap and equipment to complete the job. some home brew store allow you to make up the kit on premise so you can keep the mess at their place and check your brew periodically while others just sell the kit and equipment to use at home. check your yellow page for a place near you."
we didn't learn from it the first time. some time it take a few round before it sink in and make sense.
there is not real for sure way soften it. if it is hard that mean that it ha gone bad. your best bet is to throw it out and buy a new box or bag it is better (and easier) to buy a new one then to hassel with trying to fix the bad one
no one like their voice! if everyone liked you i'm sure you are a good singer. it's just one of those thing you have to get used to.
"here are some... hope this helps.. . a gift for all, a manger filled with love, angel we have heard on high, away in a manger, beautiful star of bethlehem, born is the light of the world, born to die, caroling bells, christ wa born on christmas day, christian christmas melody, . c-h-r-i-s-t-m-a-s, christmas is your birthday lord, come child sing to jesus, come on ring those bells, come to the stable, coventry carol, ding dong merrily on high, do you hear what i hear, first noel, go tell it on the mountain, god christian men rejoice, hallelujah chorus, hark the herald angel sing, he shall be called, infant holy infant lowly, it came upon a midnight clear, joy to the world, little drummer boy, marry did you know, o holy night, o little town of bethlehem, o come all ye faithfull, silent night, the birthday of a king, we three kings, and what child is this."
"this is a tough one, try taking it out of the burned pan, put it in another pan and add a can of tomato and a little pepper, see if that works, you could also try putting peeled whole potato into it a it is warming, i know this work for excess salt. . good luck !!!!"
"it mean dominion or rule and wa applied especially to the british rule over india (1757–1947).. . the word rajah mean ruler.. . [hindi rāj, from sanskrit rājā, king.]"
well frankenstein went to the artic cause he wa chasing after the monster he created. who fled to the artic.
yeah sure i know macbeth. i sat right behind him in the third grade. me and macbeth were like this *crosses fingers*!
"it mean getting rid of the dead weight, down-sizing ???"
"because insecure christian are seldom happier than when they feel they are being persecuted.. . 5 year ago they did nothing but complain about the commercialisation of xmas and store using christ's name to sell stuff.. . so when store caved in to the christian's demand to esperate christ from the commerce of the holidays, then the very same people started complaining about ""taking the christ out of christmas"".. . the ""war on christmas"" is a myth that is becoming true a many people (including christians) are getting tired of a minority of christian cry persecution whenever the rest of the world fails to bend over backwards to accomodate their religious prejudices."
"in large part you're correct a i see it,the new testament is essentially that which came after the birth of jesus although there are basic element of the old testament which will still exist in some manner within the new testament. the old testament if you really wanted to get down to it is essentially the torah with changes,or at least the basic story is the same. except that the christian had a wholly different view of hell and of lucifer who if i understand correctly the jew did not view a god enemy so much a god way of testing u to make u worthy."
'and everyone lived happily ever after'. . the bible doesn't promise that....
i had a best friend since 3rd grade and once we got in the 8th grade she showed her true color she just left me and talked to lyk i wa just another associate in her lyf.it made me feel horrible and not trust any other friend to rely on ever. i have friend i claimm them a my best friend but sadly at heart their just people that i talk to. it may take me a long tyme to trust anyone because it put me in ddep depression and deep thought on a lot of issues.
"in india there's a cange in dialect for every 20kms or so, the country is so diverified..it just implies how north and south india would differ..... south india is more peaceful and were once ruled by cholas,pandias(not pandavas),chezhas...the south is known for its' typical architecture..... north wa predominantly ruled by the mughals, mouryas,ashoka... .....................................the people in north eat wheat mostly and the people in south prefer rice..... . but a indian north and south stand unified.."
because people are ignorant and full of bad info. when will they learn?
take an fx ride going to makati. or take a bus going to ayala makati.
"the people who make the law use their idea of right and wrong when voting or writing a law. or they vote according to what they are what lobbyist have given them, or what they think they need to vote to get them reelected."
"we shouldn't. it's pointless. according to christianity, god already ha a plan and i doubt he'll change it for any one of u and our measly prayers."
"your brain and most internal organ stop developing at around 25 year of age. drinking alcohol before the completion of this cause the internal organ including the brain not to develop and therefore function correctly and efficiently. though the sign of this may not be visible for a long time, they will eventually catch up to you later on in life."
"this is the great testimony to the divinity and humanity of jesus and wa a much for the apostle sake a any thing else.. moses represented the old law that jesus wa going to complete and elijah represented the prophet who spoke of the coming of the messiah and now jesus had come, and so this vision wa the summation of all that had been revealed to the israelites.. but a jesus allowed peter,james and john to be present, it also affirmed to them that jesus wa god made man ."
"not all woman ask men if they are fat. that's like saying all guy are always asking if their equipment is big.. . by the way, do i look fat?"
it make no difference where you're living or studying. you will be subject to the same visa requirement a all other indian citizens.
falsehood ha existence. it doe exist so long a it is unfolded and the truth emerges out of it. it is francis bacon who said that truth emerges more from error than from confusion.
american's love their firearms. they have the right to bear arms!. the nra finance the election so nobody is going to review the policy. columbine doesn't mean a thing.
"it's part of the evil side of human nature. a brain-scan study show that social out-groups are subconsciously perceived a le than human, unable to experience complex human emotions, share in-group beliefs, or act according to societal norms, moral rules, and value (link). in the case of religions, a people hold their religion itself up to be the source of morals, it must be even worse."
"simple! no pork or any animal with split hooves, no shellfish, do nottttt mix meat with dairy (ex. lasagna) use a kosher turkey, you can get those at a kosher deli or store (the difference between a kosher turkey and a regular turkey is the way the turkey wa killed at the kosher turkey wa inspected by a rabbi) well, thats kosher in a nutshell, it a lot more complicated, but, that should be enough to get you by. good luck and happy thanksgiving"
"both are neccessary, in my opinion. skepticism (such a when thomas asks to touch the wound of jesus instead of just believing the story being passed around of his ressurection) is a part of learning why, and finding our way. trust is also neccessary, in intimate relationship there must be some level of trust in order to work together on behalf of the whole, if there is no trust, work cannot be divided, nor shared."
"yes pretty stupid really, nasty habit of (mostly american) company creating site for uk & ireland and then in some way crippling them a everything is built with a uk bias you can imagine the fun they'd have with germany & austria or france & belgium single sites.. . but i guess depite the huge wealth here we're just prepared to accept second best rather than justify our own services."
"sir isaac newton first presented his three law of motion in the ""principia mathematica philosophiae naturalis"" in 1686. his third law state that for every action (force) in nature there is an equal and opposite reaction."
"valley of the dolls: valley, in a allegorical sense, refers to the depth to which the main character plummeted. it can also be literally referenced a a place -- such a the san fernando valley in ca a i believe this is where the character lived. ""dolls"" is the slang term for the drug used by the women-- seconal, nembutal -- basically stimulant (speed) to which they became addicted."
"i don't think feminine ha much to do with being a woman--there are woman who are not feminine, and there are men who are feminine...both at varying degrees.. . i understand the idea of feminine to be a person of either gender: one who posse gentleness, passivity, softness, and other ""qualities"" that are generally, though wrongly, associated with being a woman."
"all thing are but god expressing his vision of himself. the essence of are being is unconditional love, having unity with god within the heart. our purpose is to awake to ""that"",our duty is to express ""that""."
".do you have a stainless steel sink? if so just rub your hand across it ---really works!! tried and true,or use a stainless steel spoon they even sell a bar just for this purpose."
"it a social experience for women. they chat and primp and the like. a for men, they are strictly business. make no eye contact, get in, and get out."
"independent mean that they aren't affiliated with any paticular demoniation, charasmatic mean they believe in speaking in tougues and all that stuff. do a web search on the charismatic movement and you will find alot of answer to your questions."
"if you just broke a mirror you might want to put some make up on. seriously, i hope you really don't believe in that stuff."
"in sociology, social stratification is the hierarchical arrangement of social classes, castes, and stratum within a society. while these hierarchy are not universal to all societies, they are the norm among state-level culture (as distinguished from hunter-gatherer or other social arrangements)."
"i think it may be a nervous response. you are feeling awkward, and the one thing you think to yourself is 'no don't laugh', it that pressure, your nerve give out, and the next thing you know you are laughing uncontrollably. been there done that."
left to the exit is a pre-paid auto riksha stand. usually an on duty traffic police would be there to help you. the pre-paid one is the safest way but may not be cheapest a you pay little extra. normal charge would come around inr 60 to 70 and for prepaid it may be @ 80
you answered the question yourself. they choose to be gay. it ha nothing to do with how they are made but everything to do with choice.
the psychologist want the client/patient to be empowered. not to relay upon them for the answers. but to assist them is finding what is best for them. god bless*
"you just never know the same thing happens to people with great success. one day they just up and kill themselves for what ever demon they are possessed by.. perhaps they no longer wish to be a burden, or perhaps a life long inabillity to cope with thier survival while others parished or knowing that they were successful but still came up short of there own personal satisfaction leading to depression.. . that would be the correct answer i believe ....depression!. depression kill more than any other disease!"
i have one but it's long and doesn't work well here.. if you want to see it email me and i will send it to you... jim
"if they did indeed make that claim, then i don't think there wa any basis behind it. at that time, california wa part of spain. it eventually became mexico, and america got it a a result of the mexican-american war in the mid 1800's. also, don't forget that america bought much of the midwest in the louisiana purchase from france, a few year after the revolutionary war."
"i married an un-packrat. this ha helped tremendously. i also got tired of having too much stuff around. you have to be realistic, if you haven't needed it in a year, throw it away."
it not needed. it probably just a custom to sleep when it dark.
"in a super nutshell the categorical imperitive is summed up a the golden rule theory ""do unto others a you would want done to you""...sure it more complicated than that. he also believed that a good will, wa the most important thing in ethical matters...he also had a lot to say about epistemology, but let's not get into that..."
it ha several meanings.. . economic a opposed to uneconomic basically mean capable of making a profit.. . economic activity a distinct from other activity mean something where the work involved is directly or indirectly paid for (usually with money).
"i think having a high self esteem mean you're truly happy with yourself inside and out. you feel that you have a ""full package"" (personality, brains, looks, etc). most people who have an ego problem have nothing of value to offer and they cover it up with their arrogance and false pride to appear happy with themselves."
"that's really all we have, and that's how the bible say we will know them. if someone is not displaying these fruits, we can be assured they are not christians. they may spew verse like a machine gun but, a branch that doesn't bear good fruit will be cut off and cast into the fire."
"religion is the ultimate con, it is government protected, tax free and the product they sell doesn't have to be delivered until you reach a place that doesn't exist. no wonder so many people jump on this manured money wagon. unfortunately, there is a flaw in the constitution that give an unfair advantage to religion and religion like any other group, will abuse any advantage they get. some of the religionist actually believe it is a violation of their right if they are denied the opportunity to use the coercive power of the state to shove their god down every one throat."
"world kitchen beef jerky is around $8.50 per 16-ounce bag at most wal-marts . . take around 3 lb of meat to make 1 lb of jerky, so unless you can purchase beef for le than $3 per pound it may be le expensive to just buy it. taste preference is entirely a different matter, however."
good question. and i am not sure he wear sock so i wonder about darn too!
baking powder make the food rise (some ppl use it to bake cakes). . baking soda level food (used when baking cookies)
"i would have to refer to plato's form here since this is posted under the philosophy section.. . you can show me a beautiful flower.. you can show me a beautiful girl.. you can show me a beautiful sunset.. . but, you can never show me beauty.. . the form of beauty is uncomprehendable to u because it exists in a state of perfection that is above and beyond each individual perception of a beautiful thing."
"early 1900's. no drug were illegal, electricity wa amazing and car were in their infancy. it all stopped around the time of prohibition."
"one of the main difference is that lutheran believe in infant baptism and baptist believe in waiting until the child is older. also, the baptist in the church across from my house have the woman wear skirt all the time. they also strongly suggest tithing (giving ten percent of your income to the church) and abstain from dancing and drinking alcohol."
probably because everybody flock out to get their christmas trees? or maybe it's when a lot of christmas tree farm open or something.
"with good reason, most seem to have been traumatized for life. a salute to those who could take such a horrendous experience and made it an object lesson for peace and reconciliation. stronger people than i."
"a biscuit is a small baked bread or cake. the exact meaning varies markedly in different part of the world, sometimes leading to confusion. the origin of the word ""biscuit"" is from latin via middle french and mean ""twice cooked"
"contrary to popular belief, porn star do not make that much money for movies. the only way to make good money at porn is to do dozen of film a year. they get paid pretty good apperance fee for performing at strip club that help to suplement their incomes."
i think you should read the link i posted. it will give you a detailed. answer.
"i go to relax with a couple of drink and visit with my friend and, depending on the bar, have dinner. i'd like to meet someone, but that's not the main reason i go."
please read she's come undone by wally lamb. it's a terrific book about a girl. the book follows her from a young age to adulthood. i would say that it's one of my favorites.
"interesting - if this is all false brain washed religion and you have evolved past it why do you concern yourself? when you were a child you believed in santa or what not, that doesn't trouble you now - doe it? then perhaps your uncomfortable feeling come from the conviction of the holy spirit - not for your past baptismal but for your current status.. . btw - if you leave the faith, your past baptism won't save you."
"cover it in whatever spice and such you'd like to cook it with, and bake for about 9 hours. don't stuff it, though. make your stuffing in something else."
"thats a lot of money to raise in a short time...try chore for family, friend and neighbours, a part time job (depending on you age of course) or running errand (only for people you know!)...;"
"motivation feed intelligence. you have your whole life to gain knowledge, but without motivation (desire), ignorance snowballs. intelligence therefore matter more than motivation because your intelligence [has the function of] reminding you to appreciate your ability to self motivate yourself, for the soul purpose of becoming more intelligent."
because neither of them are in the form of a question. try : can you make me laugh? please tell me something funny or something stupid that you have done in your life.
roman empire fell due to anarchy. all nation will eventually fall.
"if you like your gravy lumpy throw in flour, cornstarch or arrowroot, if you like it smooth make a slurry, a couple tbs. of the before mentioned and about 4 tbs. cold water, stir stir stir with your finger till it's liquefied and pour a little amount into your sauce and stir, when it come back to a boil, that's how thick it'll be, need it thicker add more of your slurry"
"the fish oil that you get in capsule is from the liver (not just cod)which is steamed or boiled to extract the oil. industrial fish oil(which the dane apparently burn in power stations)is extracted from whole oily fish (sandeels,sprats,herring,mackeral) in the process of making fishmeal."
because england is in the northern hemisphere and australia is in the southern hemisphere. the sun is now approaching it southernmost position in relation to the earth (dec 22) so the southern temperature warm up while northern temperature get colder.
=i disagree. how about a thumb up or making a circle with your thumb and index finger a an ok sign?
it cost more for vet fee and the child can be treated for free. mad i know but true.
it's a herb that is yellow. usually used in paella to make the rice yellow and give it that flavour.
"a a jew, i thank you:). seriously; we are supposed to treat others the way we want to be treated, so loving everyone is a step in the right direction."
"the mind is a powerful tool.. if everyone really wanted peace then i am sure we would have peace.. we, the people, have the power to create peace."
keep the lid on the jar tight and keep refrigerated!!
"most religion teach love and acceptance. therefore, most people who actually follow their religious teaching are loving and accepting of others.. . the hardest thing in the world to tolerate is... intolerance.. . once we realize that there are about 6 billion different legitimate way of seeing the world, god, the spiritual realm, etc, we'll be well on our way to world peace."
"california is generally considered ""laid back"", it mean comfortable but party appropriate. your outfit sound perfect for the dress code."
you need to work to get social security after you retire. you also need to work to get work experience for whatever job you do.
"i totally agree. not only can you give the answer a ""thumbs down"" and ""hide"" the message, you can report the person and usually their comment will be removed without you having to say anything to them."
"on average, 6 to 8 oz chicken, and 3/4 to 1 cup of rice. for the average person, not the oakland raider"
"shayari is urdu poetry. when reciting a shayari, you say the 1st line once, then repeat it a slightly different tune/tone, and then go to the 2nd line. there a lot of repetition..."
"santa a hasid? lol where are his payot?? that's a good one, though ho ho ho!!"
"honey, it mean that you have to leave him. that is your mind trying to tell you to get away. you had enough abuse from your dad, you don't need that drama from your boyfriend too. you deserve someone to treat you well to make up for the hard time you been through... come here, i'll make you feel better."
"there is a chinese rice you can buy....almost like reg rice but diff, look in your ethnic section at the store.. or with phillipino food, you can boil some white or brown rice, and then put it in the fridge overnight...that way it is already dried out and then fry it.....my step mother is phillipino and that is what she does. well once you take the rice out of the frige put a small amount of oil in the pan and fry the rice, add in your spice or whatever your recipe call for.. but the ""fridge rice"" is one of the easiet way to get the texture right"
"it a very clever con really, there will be a limited number of seat at the lowest advertised price, then the price gradually creep up and up, add to that the fact that a ha been already said, no meals, no service etc then they look le and le appealing.. . one other little con that some of the budget crowd were pulling wa to list a low price the first time you visited their site and then once you returned and had a cookie from them, lo and behold the price went up. this would have been fine till some sharp guy noticed that the price went up the second time he looked at the same flight from home and checked it from work and it wa back to the original price - oooops busted. of course it wa a computer error and not a deliberate attempt to rip people off - yeah right, and i've got 2 willies :)"
"a bit more info would be helpful here-please.. a someone who had been a dyke in the past and (even though i hate labels) am a soft butch now-i am still a female and every dyke i have known in the past-while loving home depot toys- still love her inner woman. you just have to learn how to reach it, and that can be different for every woman.. a one person ha ans. ask her in a tender moment and you might get a very loving surprise."
"if you mean ""mad"" like ""crazy"", like in the sentence ""i'm mad about you"", that's ""sou doido"" or ""sou louco"" (masculine), ""sou doida"" or ""sou louca"" (feminine).. . if you mean ""mad"" like ""angry"", like ""i'm really mad at you"", it's ""estou zangado"" (masculine) and ""estou zangada"" (feminine)."
a giant satsuma eh? now that's scary. that's an awful lot of juice..
"during the dark age in europe muslim scribe were cataloging work of european scholars. when the european work were subsequently lost, the muslim had them in libraries."
they don't! eye are the little root which start to sprout out of the potatoes.
"in india, mithun mean deer.. in nagaland, a north eastern state in india, it is an indigenous buffalo"
"keep it up, 2good! love your questions! very entertaining."
"the thing which, if understood, leaf you with no more questions. you quit doing philosophy, walk away with a silly smile, and go make an honest living, like, oh, teaching math to kids."
you'll probably need a job first. look online. also ask the u embassy for advice.
you shouldnt be athiest. the fact that scientist can not put him in their test tube and beaker doesnt make him not real. anyone with faith can testify truthfully that he is
"i don't think it is necessary to fly there at all, but rather to go by car. the distance is not too far and it could easily be done."
sometimes we have the tendency to act like small child again and we have a fit if we don't get our way. it's part of human nature to have our hope up about something only to be disappointed when it doesn't come through.
"there's the right way,. there's the wrong way,. and there there is the way it really happens.. . to quote patton, ""no battle plan survives the first five minutes."""
"baudrillard (he writes fantasically about complex thing with concrete examples). zizek (should be read after baudrillard, but again, really sharp and useful philosophy, by which i mean really relevant to the way you look at the world). not sure if susan sontag is still alive, she's brilliant though.. . happy reading!"
man calm down don't worry .. try talking a simple english line again and again.. first u start it with simple ones.. then get onto difficult one .. it will take some time but it will surely benefit u.
"hello dear!. napoleon's father, a greek from itylo, moved to italy and his name kalomeros wa translated into buenaparte, in english meaning proper - good path!. regarding the first name: napoleon is either composed by napo and leon (lion), or napoleon, from napolian, meaning from neapolis, (in english meaning new city)"
"two of the biggest problem not mentioned so far are these... gnostic preached a different gospel, and gnostic were very exclusive in that they did not share their belief unless they felt you were worthy. in revelation 2 jesus say this ""but you have this in your favor: you hate the practice of the nicolaitans, which i also hate."" from writing we have found outside of the bible, the nicolaitans seem to have been a forefather to gnostic teachings. so, to simplify, the felt truth should only be given to people who diserved it, and they did not preach the same message that jesus did."
"internal conflict-occurs when the protagonist struggle within himself or herself. the protagonist is pulled by two course of action or by differing emotions, which frequently lead to a dynamic change in the character.. external conflict-dispute between the protagonist and another character or nature"
"mediate 15 min a day. lay down in your dark bedroom turn off all sound and light and then consciencely try to amagin relaxing your big toe, to your little ..your legs, your thigh, your tummy your back your hand until you are 100 percent relaxed. this really will help, but stick with it,... 15 min a day isn't too much to ask for"
perhaps you mean cucina? (coo-chee-na) in italian it mean cucina.. would you like to know what it mean in english?
the cow is a sacred animal to their religion. a hindu woman would probably want to marry someone who share her culture and religion.
finally someone with a sense of humor. thank you
because what else would you do and a somebody once asked henry ford:. how much is enough?. his reply: just a little bit more.
"people are cruel to others because they're insecure and jealous. the being mean (jealousy or not) make them feel a if they're better but at the end of the day, we can all see through that."
"european history before the 18th century is marked by warfare between states, and uprising by the mass that rarely result in a change of type of government. just a matter of shuffling king or queens. however, after the american and french revolutions, europe wa rocked with one revolution after another by people demanding a new type of government, which ha lasted all the way to world war ii. while there ha been similiar ""popular revolts"" for new type of government elsewhere, the revolution ha had it most profound impact on european history in the 19th and 20th centuries."
i read story of such happening at several places. today most people make it a taboo subject to discus so if you get to hear it more from the northern side that doesnt mean there are no sick person in other place doing this same sick thing and robbing child of their innocence.. . and very soon god will rid the earth of these debased individual
"you must talk about it. sometimes it is good to talk to a close friend when you feel angry about a problem, or when your angry at someone. also it is very good to get out and take a long walk or exercise to release alot of emotional stress. these are my two favorite way to release anger, hope it work for you!"
"you have to understand the thing that attract them into a room, i.e. smell of food/bright light/warmth. so, if you close the curtains, so the room is dark, and leave the door open partially, they will fly towards the light source, but if it is cold outside, they may refuse to go out!......."
"why is it my responsibility to sort out other peoples' issues? if other people have bad ettiquette, that's their problem."
8oz. = 1 cup....... so i guess you have one half of a cup...
"coffee also leech vitamin c from your body, so if you drink a significant amount of coffee (4+ cup a day, i'd say) you want to take the maximum rda of vitamin c per day (but vitamin c can irritate the gum and the stomach, so try breaking the total dose into two or three mini dos to take in the morning, noon, and night). if you drink a whole lot of coffee on a regular basis it can negatively affect your kidney functioning."
"i hear that they remove quite alot of fat from the cooking process, but at the same time keeping the meat juicy and tender! fab for cooking bacon, chicken fillet and steak....yum!"
great question. i am an atheist because i cannot fathom a reality based on a bible story.....sorry. thumb up!
"jesus is the only one who is fair.. . he's not likely to send anyone to hell who never really had the opportunity to know him in this life.. . if he chooses to save someone in that condition, he'll still do it through the grace he obtained for u by his death on the cross."
"some people have problem going on in their life, some are rude because of genetics, and some have low self-esteem so hurting others make them feel powerful. it's a cruel world unfortunately."
"if you are talking about an innate knowledge of doing right and wrong the answer is that not everyone does. certain mental illness lack the characteristic, people with damaged brain function because of an injury etc. perhaps you need do define ""conscience."""
yes i've read the same thing before and it would be interesting to know if adam and jesus were the same person. that would explain a lot about jesus.
"they darned sure better not. the feminist gave so much grief to so many traditionally male school several decade ago, and now they want to undo it--nope, they fixed what wasn't broken so they need to live with it a little longer."
"find a really fun outfit, do something fun with your hair, and be a happy person!! just think of friday.. think of monday a the new friday! so celebrate monday, instead of dreading it!"
"there is an expression called, ""lawyered up"". they do it for the same reason it say in the lawn mower instruction not to stick your finger in the path of a moving blade.. . i'm thankful for my eyesight."
"durkheim presnted the theory that society wa in a state of normlessness.. . normal is only an average of all actions, therefore crime is a necessary a sainthood to provide a definition of normal."
"only have sex with a man that love you. someone who love you won't care about how you look, so you'll have nothing to worry about."
"give it time. i am assuming you are just ""out"" and if that is the case, it may take you a little time to start figuring out who is and who isn't. if your straight and just curious, do like the previous answer and hang out with gay people, they'll tell you who is and who isn't."
"they tend to. :) a to why, i don't know why anybody say anything.. . the other day i heard two asian lad (for the american 'asian' mean from the indian subcontinent) talking the other day. one wa talking about his mercedes, and when he finished, the other one with awe in his voice, said simply: ""respeck."""
to be tolerant of another is a show of respect. showing respect doe not necessarily mean you agree with that person or their views. it mean you show them the same courtesy that you yourself would like to receive in return.
"they are just getting recognized a a tribe. go to the enrollment check, or dawes roll"
"voodoo or black magic is common amongst muslim's in asia, specially india, pakistan and bangladesh muslim do it a a common practice. (they even celebrate a different time for eid, when the rest of the world ha finished 24 hr ago)..!!"
"it might be that that is where we usually see the sun, unless it is setting or rising, in the corner of our vision. we don't want to look directly at it, but we know it is there. kid want to show that it is a sunny day, but you never should look directly at the sun, so it go in the corner."
champagne for two (plus the operator) up in a hot air balloon. (yellow pages)
"no we dont. i believe in jesus a son of god, hence christian. if i were muslim id believe him a prophet, and if i were jew, i would not believe in him at all."
depends on the recipe some can be reduced easily while others can not. what recipe is it?
"because any cake would. they are made mostly of flour sugar and fat, and they all are water soluable which mean they dissolve in water."
"i wa in los angeles recently, and it seemed like the airport there wa always busy. tonight's schedule depends on how many flight there are-- do a search on your airline's website for flight tonight if you want to get an idea of what it will be like. good luck!"
"you could try to find inspiration by visiting museum or galleries, or by reading the biography of some illustrious artists/scientists, like da vinci or edison.. . try to find a need in society (not difficult) and try to find a solution, an elegant solution.. . some of the most advanced physic deal with elegant concept like ""strings"", etc. maybe this could be the field where beauty could blossom."
one man giving another man one while he is giving a bj to another who is being given one by someone else. basically a male orgy!
"i would recommend doing volunteer work. this is a good way to meet people who have similar interest a you do, make positive change in your community, and express a positive side of your personality."
"to gain their trust & for you to be remembered for the future, you will need to take 'em out for a lunch or send them a small gift to introduce yourself. make sure you are spending the money in the right place co you dont want free-loaders to take advantage of you"
hmm . i really have no clue .. need more info like is it an abbreviation of something.?
"that's my secret and if you want to find out, you have to figure it out yourself, because it wa told to me on the condition that i keep it a secret. so i'm sorry to disappoint you.. please forgive me."
"because there are always going to be stereotype and a ridiculous a they may be, they are wide spread and actually believed by some.. . dancing with the star had mario lopez who is mexican. i hardly think he could be considered fat, dark or wearing a sombrero! there are many gorgeous mexican people out there a well a all other races!"
the correct answer is because grape vineyard grow at the northern exodus of the summit. (around the town of lebec)
ignorance and intolerance toward thing that are no longer relevant. question is would they give up their porche's & bmw's?
"agreed, 100%. i believe these people must be insecure with themselves and their belief to have to put down others. it is not our position to judge others, so say god."
"believe in yourself- if you have been a member for thirty year then you already believe in your topic- do you think you would make a good president? if so then develop a speech stating the reason you feel this way- also give a thought to any argument against you that might come up and way to respond- practice in front of your friend or family- record and listen to or watch yourself if possible-that can give you idea on thing to add or change. prepare yourself and then when you go up to speak focus on what you are trying to say-not how you feel, look, or sound-fear-needs to be ignored-give your topic the attention it deserves."
is what we do natural to our natures? or do we do the thing we do because we have been taught by the environment we were nurtured (raised) in?
"fresh pears, peaches, apples, pineapple, orange (any other fruit you'd like) slice and dice.. mix in a big bowl and add a mixture of 1/4 cup of water with 2 tbsp sugar. enjoy"
">the artist went through different change on this one, each one he took to the first presidency and finally with this picture, they said that that is what jesus christ look like.. . this is not true (as you questioned). it's mormon legend."
"baptism is a sacrament of christianity, along with communion. might you mean being baptist??"
"i think it's how we interpret omission in the historical record, like the lack of record about subordinate groups. historian have to find new way to find the evidence. so even if a text is not overtly concerned, for example, with poor people or woman or family relationships, a historian may be able to read it in those terms, perhaps by looking at throw away comment etc. it's quite a vague term!"
"in the states, i haven't been able to find anything yet labelled ""sultanas"". but in england, where i used to live, raisin were dried red or black grapes, while sultana were dried white grape - and were usually larger. the sultana were more likely to be used in the preparation of rice and other savory dishes, while the raisin more usually found in cakes, cereals, and ooooh, the wonderful bread and butter pudding i used to love so much."
"f*ck canada, alberta should separate and become a super-rich nation rather than paying 14billion per year to the federal government. bc can come too, their cool."
because we are all born from diffrent set of parent and all gain diffrent jean from our parent and no two people finger print are alike not even that of people who are twins...basically we are all diffrent unique people and one of god many way for u to be able to differentiate amongst ourselves is our finger print which we should appreciate greatly!!!!!!
"it's because of low life attorney's getting people to sue on another, they like to sue because of so called ""offensive"". behavior, what a bunch of bull"
there is a coil under the warmer that heat the water. the heated expanding water is forced up the tube that spray the hot water on the coffee grounds.
"every year our church doe a food donation, and then in december we collect the donations, including frozen turkey and we deliver them to a family that ha signed up for this ministry. we have taken our child with u on the delivery of these meal and they can witness to the child of the recipient families. many time my son will go so far a to bring some toy he no longer play with much and give them to the kids! it is a great sight to see."
"yes, i try to think about it, how wonderful it is to do so many things, like taking a pee, or a s** or breathing, to realize we are able to eat, to see, to hear, to just be alive. thanks for sharing your question."
"good point, but i'm not going to let christmas or easter be just like any other days.they are christian holiday and need to be celebrated. thanksgiving i'm willing to give up. cooking and cleaning up all day while the men sit and watch football. woman really got the shaft on that holiday!"
perfect winter weather you can not beat it ant where in the us. mid 80's during the day and 50's at night. perfect.
"it a reminder to be aware of g-d at all times. it understood that woman are naturally more spiritual and don't need such a reminder. however most religious married woman will wear some sort of hair-covering, sometimes with a hat or scarf, often a wig, but what they use depends on personal tastes."
it is a little deeper that a cookie sheet and it is for cookin a thin layer of cake so you can put your jelly frosting ect. on it and roll it up you can get away with using just a cake pan but only put about a third of the batter in the pan.
well you're not really converting if you were already a christian. just choose whichever denomination you fell most comfortable with. none of them are perfect. maybe you should tryout a few different one to see what you might like.
if you are participating on yahoo answers..then you are a computer addict (or have no life...which is the case with me). lol
"1/3 cup flour, 2/3 cup sugar, 1/2 tsp cinnamon combine, then cut in (with a pastry cutter or two sharp knives) about 4-6 tbsp of cold butter. you may also add chopped nuts, raisins, or dates."
you have a choice to believe and not to believe. it is your choice. so what is the problem ?
your butt!!!!!. lololol. sorry...i really don't know but i couldn't help myself...don't be mad.. ;-)
mental health could include psychiatry. psychiatrist are drug dealer that practice in the mental health field. psychologist work with people's thought process and try to get people interested in taking step to correct their bevavioral patterns.
"economics depends on ceteris paribus, meaning it ha to assume that everything stay constant. in a real science, for example chemistry, when you mix two hydrogen molecule with an oxygen molecule you always end up with water. this is not the case with economics, what is good and what is bad is dictated by outside factors."
you can search online for freelance editors. i'm just getting started since i am no longer teaching english in college. message me and i'll give you rates.
buy some gourmet bread in maybe 2 different type and serve a sandwich tray. have a dip bowl with mayo and mustard.
"i am spiritual and believe whole heartedly that jesus christ is my personal savior and strive for a personal relationship with god. you need a friend, i'll do my best."
"hi, i am rational spirituality,. . i believe in god, because i wa given an entirely logical and coherent explanation about him and about the universe, which i can relate to in my every day life and experience.. . you may access rational spirituality on the dhaxem website."
because spell check is an extra step. and there is no grammar check
oil paintings? first you have to invade a foreign country and steal it space and oil to exhibit your crappy post-modern splash pages.
"actually it not the stick gatherer, it the bundle of sticks. in the bible gay people are also refered to a firebrands, the bundle of stick reference became popular when gay were burned together with witches. i'm told they burned up quite well and thereafter were refered to a faggot"
"gee thats your worst experince in your life, these immigrant work there because obviously educated people like yourself are far above them and cannot possibly make burger for a living, and when they have a screaming bitch who is so rude and stuck up and cannot possibly take a tomatoe out of her sandwich herself, do you really expect them to say thankyou or smile at you when you are probably giving them dirty look and have a red face, i guess it down to education and not being a immigrant, maybe you dont understand or maybe the language you spoke to order your sandwich wa not clear enough and your music wa too loud in your car, maybe you have to pronouce your word better, it ignornace like you that stop this world from developing....... they moved here to make a living but you would not understand that your just eating yours away i guess.. . your so fucking racist.......you have no idea, what were you thinking eating at wendys, you have no class.. . hope you enjoyed your wendy's, and dont worry im not expecting you to pick mine a the best answer, that would be expecting far too much from you."
knowledge is experience. we learn through experience. experience show u to reroute our way towards life.
"[kabot], ital giovanni caboto (1425–c.1500) navigator, born possibly in genoa, nw italy, who discovered the mainland of north america. little is known about his life. about 1490 he settled in bristol, and set sail in 1497 with two ships, accompanied by his three sons, sighting cape breton i and nova scotia on 24 june. he set out on another voyage in 1498, and died at sea."
"if you read your post, then everything you say the liberal christian throw out come from the old testament. didn't your jesus reject the old testament too? your question suggests the liberal christian are only accepting of the writing in the new testament, but wait, aren't they the teaching of your christ? isn't that what your religion is supposed to follow?"
"yeah jesus definately wa not born on december 25 (in the bible it mention that the shepard and their flock were outside when jesus wa born and obviously would not be out there if it wa in the freezing winter). december 25 wa the date of the roman festival marking the 'birthday of the unconquered sun.' christian back then wished the date to concide with it. and even if it wa his birthdate do you think jesus would be happy with how commercialized christmas is and them making money off ""his birthday"" (no he would turn over the table of money)"
one to get on and one to get off. if you only had one set you gotta wait till people get off before you get on and therefore hold the bus up. everything about london bus is geared to keeping it moving a fast a possible a those bus move more people in london than any other city in the world. the bendy bus ha three set of door just to confuse you.
"because what you see between the mark of the needle is the . name or the mark of the watch,and is always at ten after ten. in a scale from 1 to 10 ,whats the best mark?and is not for photo ,that's for marketing purpose"
"girl, i don't blame you. being a kid is so much fun. you can play on the swings, slides, monkey bars, jump rope, hide-n-seek and people will think it's cute...but when you become an adult our life are so consumed to graduate from school, go find a job, and pay bills...yuck!...sigh i wanna be a kid again...sigh"
"that they have green eyes.. . some people will treat them a though they're special or more attractive, but that say far more about the other person than the one with green eyes."
"i would say about an 8 because the world is ever changing and extreme are constantly changing so yes i'm open minded but not too open minded. you do sometimes have to ask question of what is both presented to and expected of you? we live in a multi-cultural society so you have to adapt to all type of situation and people, also accepting other people preference this should be the way of the world."
it's highly unlikely the artist will buy it back. it will also probably make them feel bad that you've decided you don't like it. . ebay is a great market for paintings.
sound like a homework question. think about what your own basic need are and then go from there.
"there's ton of salt deposit everywhere. salt is mined. pepper, on the other hand, is grown so there's a whole season worth of effort that go into making it."
"drink lot of water and a cup of coffee, that will make you need to pee. . a far a getting over your fear, practice going to the bathroom with the door open. trust me, it's just your body, nothing to be afraid of."
"don't mention or bring it up ever again. if people know that something bother you, they will try to push that button every chance they get. if they bring it up, laugh it off and pretend it doesn't bother you, once they see that you're over it, they'll get over it too."
"for the same reason why your hand and foot look whiter if you have just spent a lot of time in a warm tub - moisture absorbed by the skin. it turn the skin slightly more opaque, and you cannot see the redness of the blood underneath."
"love is wanting the highest and best thing for the sake of the beloved. a total self giving of all that i have, all that i am, my entire being i give to you because i love you. love first and foremost is a decision of the will."
boil a big glass of water.. add a packet of orange powder.. add orange juice.. remove & freez it.. this when churnned will be a emulsion used to make orange pudding.
there is no difference. they are all con artists.
"i don't - certainly not every time i wake. if it's in my mind when i do wake, could be because it wa in my last dream, or i heard it before sleeping... or if the alarm is set to music, then could be the song i heard waking up, but not fully awake yet."
"""tartosso"" is the name of a super mario videogame character, but it is not an italian word, it is not even an italian name or surname. in italian it mean nothing.. . maybe it is a mix between english word ""turtle"" and italian word ""osso"" (bone)."
"it's because of the old christian idea that the jew killed jesus. then in the middle age when the christian church declared usuary a sin, and the only people who would lend money were the jews. this gave people an excuse to blame the jewish people for all their ills."
"stand for family unity now. just kiddin, their all fun!!!"
"im a chef, certified and i hold a pepper over an open flame and roast it until the skin blackens then i place it in a bowl and cover with plastic for 5 minutes, then rub off the skin, dont wash it or the oil go down the drain. destem and deseed."
"newton's brilliance saw him quickly promoted to the highest professor of science in cambridge.. . this status entitled him to wear the wig of authority- like our judge and lord still do today.. . newton did not wear it all the time, he probably wore it only for ceremony and his official portrait. certain professor today have the right to wear them- but it is rare."
"i agree. you find out a lot about a person's true character when you find out if their willing to give an apology. a a side note, you should realize that there are always reason why people do wrong things. however, that doesn't mean that it should be excused."
"i have enough going on in my head without having the memory of all of my ancestor before me! it would mess me up! plus life would be boring because half the fun is from making your own mistake and learning from them, thats why teenager never listen to their parent even though the parent know best because people like to learn thing for themselves."
"they all belong to the citrus family.. orange are the larger fruit and come in lot of different types: navel, seville, blood oranges, valencian. mandarin have a thinner skin and are smaller and a bright orange color - taste sweet, and are mostly seedless . tangerine (a subgroup of the mandarins!) are small and have a darker reddish orange skin - my fav - i think they taste more!"
"a the history goes, when indira priyadarshini wanted to marry feroz and nehruji wa not agreeing for her marraige with him. then, gandhiji inteferred and adopted feroz a his son and then he got married to indira. and that is how she got her surname gandhi."
contact the cta or take the train yourself to find out. check out these website to find out more information.
"there are diffrence between south indian and north indian.. south indian:boil the water add tea pwd let it boil for some time,bring it down ,add milk,add sugar and serve.. north indian:boil the milk add little water, add tea pwd.let it boil for some time.then strain it through muslin clothe.. p.s. if you add ginger pwd(or crushed) in the tea it give very string aroma.u can try out various flavour like this."
"the convection fan is great for baking. otherwise, use the setting with heat on both the top and bottom. the grill setting is like a broiler and will only give heat on the top and that will give a very flat cake with a crispy top and a soggy bottom."
"scorchingly hot. when i visited i almost died. kidding, ive never been there but it is the hottest, dryest place in the world. at least thats the word on the streets."
"i believe early man wa a scavenger , they ate marrow from . bone , a this wa a very protein rich food , it is thought it . made early man brain evolve , hope this may help you ."
"<>it is the study of humankind, from it beginning million of year ago to the present day. anthropos = human, logion = study"
"on average, a pub focus more on beer and wine than liquor and cocktails. the food selection are better and the atmosphere more casual.. an average bar will serve more mixed drink and have a fuller stock of hard liquors. most don't serve meals, just snacks.. but it really doesn't make any difference nowadays, they are just watering hole for gathering of one purpose or another."
i dont think there can be someone 'overachiever'. it is not a reality.
"maybe becuse there really isn't anything to distract you considering that there is no realistic environment. also, when you dream, the image asre based on innermost feeling or something that happened recently, etc."
"i think that it is a pretty kicking song, that would probably explain it. good beat fun word even wiccan like to dance."
take a large pot add water and a a few cinnamon stick also add some ground cinnamon and some clove bring to a simmer add pine cone and let them boil for roughly 10 minute take pot off heat and let then sit in pot overnight drain and let dry these should allow for some nicely scented cones. for added smell just before completely dry toss them in a big ziploc with some more ground cinnamon and shake them up. . for a more apple cinnamon smell add some apple peel to the water mixture to infuse the scent within.
"hmmm, i am not surprised they get the hump with you.. . homer simpson is yellow, i am not sure i know any chinese folk of that colour - ""pale sepia"" possibly but not yellow. ;)"
"always use high altitude direction if you're in a high altitude area--get a high temp. thermometer for your oven to make sure your temperature are accurate. cook them in the middle of the oven, also--not a higher shelf or lower shelf."
"if the wealthy and upper middle class people would donate money to africa, that would be a start. i understand it's hard for u working folk, but the billionaires, millionaires, even thousandnaires should stop being so stingy and world hunger could totally be solved."
"the term 'christians' refers to all the christian of all denomination including the protestants. the latter term refer to those who follow the church that owe no allegiance to the roman catholic church, headed by the pope of vatican. it got it name a protestant, because they came out of the church headed by the pope, in protest against certain religious practice and malpractices."
really it varies from one individual to another but basically it foundation is always the same...they always seem to be available. when you're around..eye contact is another strong point and body language..and they always have a reason to touch you either by accident or intentional...good luck...
i'm leaving in seoul . the meaning of sarang hayeo is ~~~> i love you !!. have a nice day ~~(^ ^)
some time we will be irritated by some suggestion and the problem are supposed tobe sorted out by u so it is not necessary tobe some one when we have problem at times. depending upon the type of the problem one can cousult a friend so mind will be free.
"well unlike all above i do understand what you mean and sort of agree.. . there is an element of complacency in relationship and the grass doe look greener on the other side making someone el partner seem better than your own.. a an outsider you wouldn't know all the problem or annoying habit someone has, and maybe woman are just a bit more blinkered than men to what they see.. . husbands/boyfriends are an easy target, woman talk to each other about relationship much more then men so i'm sure all her girlfriend will know of every chink in your armour.. . i'm not sure putting them forward is the right discription of what's happening, 'seeing other men in a more favourable light' is a bit closer to it."
they surely do not know. that's why they deny it.
"when the king james bible wa translated in the 1700's ""fear"" meant ""awe""(sorta like gay meant happy,but the meaning ha changed.)unfortunately,now fear mean being scared.so the original meaning of feeling awe,has unfortunately been misconstruesd a to feel afraid .word meaning change over the years,for example suffer once meant permit-like,permit the little child to come unto me, u would not believe how many people nowadays believe christ wa asking child to suffer for him,or something like that."
"what i have been taught by god, is inbedded into my heart and ha become what i really do feel, because i stand in complete agreement and acceptant of the word of god, being the total truth.. praise the lord!"
"latte is italian for milk. in english-speaking country it usually refers to one of several type of coffee beverage made with hot milk. in italian these are known a ""caffe e latte"" (commonly ""caffellatte""), literally ""coffee and milk"", analogous to (but not the same as) the french ""café au lait"", and latte macchiato which is very similar."
chez moi is my house. une maison is a house
try to act a ur nature. try to avoide shyness and act a normal people and take in ur mind that u dont take shyness anymore and u will defeat shyness
"there are no direct flight operating between israel and dubai, and no train service also. you can travel via amman (jordan) or istanbul (turkey) by connection flights."
"north york is in toronto. so it's really, really, really far."
it go like this. you look through shoebox full of photograph of your family and friend and realize that there is not a single picture of you. you find a nice location and turn on the self timer and let her rip.
"very nice question,rather .. firstly accept every failure a a challenge.have faith on god.before starting anything pray him to do that work for you.remember that you can win,never let yourself think that you are a poor fellow.decide your goal and just think you can win.go head doing hardwork and with a desire to win.make your yourself hard to face failures.work hard that you will not have to run behind succes but success will have to run towards you. . remember:. winner don't do different thing they do thing differently.. good luck."
"imaginable - you are ""able"" to imagine it.. . imaginary - fairy rhyme with ""nary"" and a fairy is an imaginary creature.. . imaginative - uhh... not so sure about this one. you'll probably have to memorize it."
"socialism allows some privitized businesses, while communism everything is owned by the government.. . socialism- advocate communal ownership of industry, it doe so in two ways: either in the form of state ownership or else in the form of ownership by the worker themselves.. communism- allows for only one form of the communal endeavor: state ownership through a small group of political elite. communism also go one step further than socialism in that the communist state not only control the economy, but all area of society.. defenitions:communism-governme... control of the mean of production and complete control of the economy.. socialism: braod role for government in the nation economy, including government ownership of basic industries.. one of the main difference between communism and socialism is that in a communist state the government seek to control all of the wealth and in a socialist state the government seek to redistribute the wealth a little more. example of a socialism in the u. s. are welfare and social security."
"it mean ""i've got it!"" and is ascribed to archimedes, the greek philosopher, according to legend a he wa jumping out of his bath."
"people usually start these thing because they want to be ""cool"". what those people fail to realize is that coolness is in being a leader, not a follower. especially when it come to smoking. if you don't know by now that cigarette will kill you, you can't be that bright."
being psychic is not something you can turn off and on like a light bulb. if you don't believe anyone is psychic that is fine but why worry if others do?
"in my opinion, he wa the best president we ever had. he got u out of the great depression that hoover got u into. hoover promised a car in every garage and a chicken in every pot (we had a chicken in ever pot because our people didn't have food to feed them and the car were in the garage because people couldn't buy gas to drive them).fdr started the cc corp for young men to work in to help feed their families, he also set up what wa later known a the social security administration and the building and repairing roads.he also set up several other program for the mast majority of people out of work. after wwii began he had the atomic bomb project set up to build a bomb that eventually brought the war to an end, even though he died before the bomb wa brought in to end it."
"in my understanding transcendence is being able to rise above all the petty life's vulgarities, politics, disliking people , intolerance etc to where you have a more enlightened state. you are more at peace with the world and are thankful for all the thing that happen to you good or bad . you know this because there is a reason for everything happening in the world and it's part of your life lessons."
these cake need something to cling to so that they may rise.. . humidity affect them. so doe grease.. . they are notoriously difficult.
"the ancient hebrew are jews; and we have many beliefs. the most important one is the belief in one g-d; he is one, undivided, and ha no blood relatives."
"it is dry a opposite of sweet.. . it usually mean using a special ""dry"" kind of martini that is not a sweet a the normal white martini, and more often le martini per vodka than usual."
"nutrition, plain and simple. . . also, if you notice, the armor that wa worn is small a well."
"i never said that, and i'm a person. maybe it is you who think so. question yourself."
"freezing beer concentrate the alcohol and make it stronger. bud ice is watered down before it is canned though. apparently this is cheaper to brew than conventional brewing, i'm not sure why."
new york city. lot of landmark and thing to do. time square is a must see.
"it's cut from around the knee of a pig, see below link.. the foodtv link below say it's usually from the hind legs."
"i make a salad with lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, whole black olives, and crumbled feta cheese( sundried tomato is my fav.) then i put a little salad seasoning on it, and shake it all up. it taste so good, that nobody put any dressing on it-not to mention, that it's le fattening that way!"
"doesn't sound just, doe it? not that eternal suffering would be a just punishment for anyone, however good or evil they might be."
"hey rocksnobb,. . try these sites, including the embassy for records."
"i think you mean the ""not-as-touristy"" place (like empire state bldg etc).. . well, you can visit the lower east side tenement museum - very cool.. you can walk along the promenade in battery park and take in great view of the statue of liberty and new jersey.. you can take the subway to the cloisters.. you can go to a local diner.. you can visit cooper union university ... . . email for more suggestions."
well with over a week out i would of put in my fridge.. did any excess moister get in it by chance while it wa covered? it could of created the mold.. or it could of been the fact the cake week old along with thy type of cake it wa could play in to it too.. how do you get it to last a week in the house any way?
"well, i think that you do not mean in the past ( a you've used only past tense). if you mean only in the past, european used to come to africa in search of treasures, gold, slaves, etc. actually, they conquered, invaded much territory in nowadays territory of africa, which is totally wrong, of course.. fortunately, now the european are either tourist in seek of ancient culture and place of interest or living peacefully in african countries. have a great day!"
just in case you drop 2 hotdog by accident while doing barbarq. that is for spare use only.
"it's either an old clown in new clothes, (karl). . or it's a gentleman and a skillsaw (groucho)"
"it sound like something different to do on a wet weekend!!!. . if you find the answer let me know .... having thought about it, doe it have anything to do with thrutching?"
"people pose hypothetical question because they want to sound clever, even though their question maintains no actual basis in reality.. . if there wa a 'real' reference they could relate the question to, they wouldn't have to say anything 'hypothetically' at all."
"it is actually spelled bigot, it's a person who hate and demeans people of other religion & other races. like archie bunker on all in the family. i don't know of any word that is spelled bigit, so i think this is the answer you were looking for."
"yes, it is true, your soul leaf your body. a blind woman that wa born blind, could see while having a out of body experience.. she could describe here surroundings, faces."
"t usually stand for time. notice that when editing they have to specify exact moment when a scene start and endsin order to compose the whole film. for these porpuose t 0 should be when the camera start shooting, so, it seems obvious t-10, -9.... is just before the camera rolls."
"i feel god took the time to make u different for a reason . far bigger then i can understand ,but a melting pot is not an . option with me ."
there wa much physical violence in the early greek plays. it wa more verbal.
"he practically has! but god is still in overall control. if you read the book of job (in the bible), you will understand that the devil can only go so far. god is more powerful than the devil."
power.. . money get you power.. . leaving a lot of money to your kid give them power.. . it's all about power.
i think you are right on the money. i do feel every person in one way or another ha contributed to my understanding and growth. often i could see myself in them or i could learn from their mistakes. i have also been blessed with people i admired.
you just use a very tiny and i mean tiny amount of each normal colour to make it pastel.. i used a droplet thing and put one spot to make it light pink and not red or you could water it down by putting a drop in the lid and then spot of water to dilute it and make it lighter.
"although poisonous, the berry on the mistletoe, when squeezed ooze a whitish substance similar looking to semen. . kissing under the mistletoe wa in hope of good fertility for a couple.. why at xmas time, i don't know."
some type of pill thing it come in some small bottle with a green top. u can actually get in the uk in the pharmacy it doesn't have to be prescribed so u shouldn't have a problem retrieving it hunny!
"since i live in kc i'll tell you how our team got their names. the kansa city royal got their name by holding a essay contest back in 1969. the winning entry thought the team should be named after ""the american royal"" an equestrian event that's held yearly in kc. the kc chief football team are named after former mayor roe bartle who wa known a ""the chief""."
"""are you sleeping?"" ha got to be the king of them all."
'siddhi' in sanskrit mean the spiritual attainment and 'nidhi' mean the spiritual materials. both are acquired by relentless effort and dedication to god the almighty a his rewards.
because he offered this fight to u and we all prayed for him. he said that he's not after the money and fame. while morale wa just after revenge. see how god blesses the meek and the humble ;-)
this evolutionary adaption originally occurred on the steppe of northern asia where there is often windblown sand that can cause eye irritation and blindness. the mongoloid eye shape expose le of the surface of the eyeball to the wind and so is an advantageous adaption
"he masturbates, and is circumsized so he need lube. or he ha a boyfriend."
"""high church"" describes those anglican catholic who kept their tradition closely aligned to what they were before the reformation. anglican btw do not accept the authority of the bishop of rome aka, the pope. they celebrate the eucharist and use similar ceremonial garment a roman catholic"
"a person who is brainwashed doesn't have free will. they may think that they do, but in reality, they do not.. . you cannot have free will if the reasoning you are using to make your 'free' thinking decision are tainted."
i'll let you into a secret. the fastest way to get rid of the freakos is to treat them a if they don't exist. don't feed the trolls.
that's strange because when i look at recent history in asia there is plenty of reason to have psychiatric problems. i think it is because the family unit is very strong in asia.
"proud of someone that should not. in hindi it is called ""ahem"" a rawan said in the ramayana that he is the conquer of the world no body can defeat him."
"hating someone due to their color, religion, cultural background, career, sexual orientation, social style, communication and language. it is also a phenomenon whereby one view the other human being inferior or lesser than him/herself, forgetting that god created all men equal and all of u are equal before the eye of god. racism is accompanied by hate, jealousy, evil thinking, selfishness, lack of mercy, love and respect for god's own creation."
"in 1939 fdr set the next-to-last thursday in november a the official day to celebrate thanksgiving. doing this gave an extra week to the period before christmas, and would hopefully increase profit and spending."
"well, statistically men make more than woman - in a capitalist society that make them more valuable. however, i agree with the previous poster that sexism ha been around longer than capitalism."
"put some water in, put a lot of salt in,,,,and boil it, then let it simmer for a while. it should come off, but could take some time depending on how bad it is"
"american use proof, and other part use percentages. so say 80 proof is equivalent to 40%. 80 proof doesn't mean it ha more alcohol it's just the different way of saying how much alcohol in a bottle per volumn."
what you do affect others -- and they will make up why for you. why you do it affect yourself. both are equally important.
here's the link i gave you in your other post. university often aren't helpful in term of explaining the registration process. you need to contact the ontario psychological association and they will explain the registration requirement and then you can use that information to figure out what will be acceptable a undergraduate work. best of luck.
"you bring a gift, and everyone draw a number. you want to have the highest number, because the bottom number go and pick a present, everyone see it, if the next higher number decides to choose your gift you opened instead of picking an unwrapped one, then he can. people can do this and take away the gift up to 3 times."
"because cuba ha nothing the u want to import for it's benefit. the only valuable asset in cuba from the american perspective is the beachfront land, which i imagine the republican will try and snatch up once fidel finally dies.. . in a nutshell, the u government are a bunch of hypocrites."
"lower your expectations. then everything, like having a house and food, will make you joyful! :)"
because we are a kingdom and not a republic. any republican thought i may slip into are quickly dispelled by muttering the phrase 'president blair'!
because they are predators. animal which do not rely so much on their hearing for hunting tend to have ear that are positioned to pick up sound equally well through 360 degree a an early warning system.
celeriac (a root member of the celery family) is wonderful when boiled (like a potato) and then cut into tiny strip and served with creme fraiche and tiny piece of ham. . . it is also possible to grate it raw and serve it with a vinaigrette to which you have added chopped parsley and cream or mayonnaise and condiments.
"the filipino language borrows some vocabulary from the spanish language, maybe that's a possible explanation. . my friend is from the philippines, and she had a fairly easy time studying spanish because of the similarity"
"very little, unfortunately. usually the best chance one ha of learning about it is during a unit on the british empire, when a forward-thinking teacher might manage to slip it into the unit of work.. . it should be taught more ... but, then, so should a lot of things. (and there should be far *less* 20th century history, which would make room for lot of other medieval and early modern topics.)"
it's because pope alexander vi wanted to spread the catholism. he give spain and portugal the right to discover and colonize the east and west. then magellan reached philppines by mistake.
rise above it all. it doesn't mean anything in the whole picture of this giant universe. be yourself.
take the delhi-tatanagar express. the best and the fastest route to tatanagar.
"it's really, really wide.. . actually, china us the same number a the rest of the world, but ha it own name for them."
they endure the inane senseless greeting and commercialization much the same a the rest of us. you should thank them for not imposing their celebration on you!. .
because none of u sin either. the idea of sin is nonsense made up by religion about god.. . love and blessing don
"iight well w.e school you go to there gang member so you hang out with em and then if they like you they will invite you to like their hangout then you get high with them and stuff and then they ask you if you want to be part of the gang they initiate you be giving you a test...for example they can have three guy beat you up for 3 minute and if you survive then they let you be in it..or they can tell you to steal something..it depends on the gang you know i got this information by a book i read called""my bloody life""i love it! it so ghetto lol it about a puerto rican who life in chicago and is abused by his family..he then join a gang(latin kings) and he doe really bad things.the book practically show you the lifestyle of gang members. it really cool cause it say a lot of bad word you know it a book for teen and the author is really the main character(reymundo sanchez) . ps: being in a gang is over rated it will just get u in so much sh*t"
"it almost always involves the sense of touch but any and all sens sight, hearing, smell, taste may be involved. an often forgotten ignored or not thought about bit of sexual stimulation involves conversation, flirting, talking dirty.. i could go on...but i'd be violated for pornography..... seriously though....when you come down to it, sexual arousal is all in your head, which just go to prove that the brain is the sexiest organ."
"if i were you, i would contact mufon. they have a website and could probably answer this question. i think you can sign up to do field investigation with them without even having a degree or anything."
"it wa the place where they held the olympic game and you can visit it today. a lot of it is intact, especially the main arena."
"wow, very complex.. i'd say that it mostly affect higher price item that are obviously linked to the interest rate, like house buying.. from there, it's a trickle down domino effect, and it get very complex.. i guess you could say it affect everything in the economy, because once house price go up from the interest rate going up, then that affect the construction industry (negatively), and that diminished buying power affect other industries, etc., etc.,. also when the interest rate go up, there's more money to be made in safer investment like bonds, so le money is invested that end up into the hand of business and entrepenuers, and this can spark recession.. during the end of the carter administration recession, people were earning around 21% by just stashing their money, so why would they risk it on the stock market?"
"many. in the first place that make you a cultured person, not an ignorant like so many people that say that they only need their own language and that everyone else must learn their language. ignorant, arrogant people that believe that the world spin around them.. second place, give you access to information that otherwise would be difficult or maybe impossible to obtain.. third place, you can communicate with more people than before you learnt the language and they admire you for that. otherwise they label you with a very negative characteristic"
"the only thing bad about it is if you live in a tornado prone area. that's not safe. don't let other people make you upset. if you like it, who care what anyone else thinks?"
"well if the minority want what the big power want...well of course they win...because they always win!!!. some day it will be legal, and it will be a very peaceful world indeed!!!"
"government is not allowed to stop cult (all religion are cults), which is the major flaw in the u.s. constitution. any group that get an unfair advantage over other group always abuse that advantage. when religion is allowed to use the coercive power of the state to shove their god down every one throat, they must be marginalized or destroyed."
"wax would work, it's tough to keep on because it tends to melt, but you can meld it with your skin the best. if you have latex, you can just wad up a bit of tissue and dab it on.. . experiment with it to see what work best."
"can you hold up 5 tables, what kind of question is this? you need to clarify more.. mom b & d"
this is a myth. any acceleration of your pulse is purely in your head.
"in the cold winter of old pagan europe, the evergreen tree wa the only plant that could survive the harsh winters. it became a symbol of everlasting life, of the ability to survive harsh times, of hope and perserverence.. . so it's an important enough symbol to have survived the absorbtion into christian traditions."
"the earliest christianity wa an offshoot of judaism. jesus and his disciple were all jews, and for some time after his death, it wa debated whether non-jew could follow him, whether they would have to follow all the tenant of judaism before becoming christians, including keeping kosher and being circumcised."
"catholic. the ""breaking of bread"" represents jesus at the last supper. the bread or communion, represents christ's body and him giving himself up to forgive our sins."
"social order is about respect, the responsability every citicen ha with the law and order of the people that live around you, with the ituit of achieving a global respect for all people around. . you have law and rule in comunities and situation and social order is about maintaning that wave going."
"jelly is made from fruit juice and so ha no fruit bits. jam is made by boiling fruit and doe have fruit bits. preserve are basically the same a jam... marmalade typically is a citrus-based preserve, sometimes containing the rind, but other fruit can be used."
"i dont think they are shy, but i think they are reserved people mainly because of the culture that they are brought up in. this can be highly seen if they are in a different country, in a different culture."
"arc light is:. 1.also, arc lamp. a lamp in which the light source is a high-intensity electric arc either between carbon rod in air or between metal electrode in a xenon gas atmosphere enclosed in a quartz bulb.. 2.the light produced by such a lamp."
"writer market is a book i use for writing resources; they also publish a number of books, and i'm pretty sure they have one specifically about how to find an agent. and, a the other person answered, and a literary agent is your representative to publishers. they still want a query letter and sample of your writing."
"perhaps some sort of basketball memorabilia or something from his favorite player or team. ticket to a game, something the two of you could do together."
"because traditionally, the chinese men take care of their elder parents, where the female get married & go help take care of her husband's parents. so the boy are a security blanket for the parent when they get old.. i wa told last week that the current rate of boy to girl in china is 4 to 1. so unless the girl want to take on multiple husbands, china will have a shortatge of future boy and girl here in about 20 years!"
fork on the left side with spoon and knife on the right side and the plate in the middle. you can put the cup on either side but i think it's supposed to be the right side and when you serve you serve on the right side of the customer.
"there is no such thing a going ""by the bible alone"", a though the book itself had some sort of authority. you either go by the teaching of god's church, recognizing it a the authority set forth by christ; or you go by your own personal interpretation of the bible, in which case you, not the bible, are the final authority, since you define what the bible means."
"for some odd reason, everytime i seen an old person wealthy or poor i get very upset. espically if they are in wheel chairs. i'm not sure why.. edit- hmmm. maybe because the thought of someone dying :)"
"there are alot of thing to do go to kitty hawk to see the right brother museum,cape hatteras beach are there. depends on what part you go to."
"the blue armband in the ww2 germany's armed force organisation probably identified the wasserschutzpolizei, a branch of the orpo (ordnung polizei), the state's police of the nazi's regime.. the main responsability of the wasserschutzpolizei wa to control and patrol the rivers, to control the fluvial traffic, to repress the smuggling and to control the respect of the security measure in fluvial navigation.. the orpo wa under command of an ss-oberstgruppenfüher but wa independent from s command and organisation."
physical involves some sort of unwanted touch from pushing to punching to unwanted touch of anykind to unwanted sexual touch. mental and emotional and verbal by the way are all very closely related. mental is usually some twisting of logic or mind game to make someone do something or make someone feel bad. emotional is usually designed to make someone ashamed or afraid or upset.
the answer is because they are native to australia!!!..;
warm tea with lemon and honey. also do not use your voice much before your performance. good luck!
"""sweet girl"". i suppose it would carry the same connotation a in english. like in english, it's probably a way to say ""nice girl,"" ""good girl,"" ""kind girl"" etc."
"well it's the truth of my life.... i wa raised catholic, wa dutiful and tried to do the right thing. then steped out and away and am amazed i'm even alive today after some of the antic and ""adventures"" of those 80's & 90's. when i wanted to ""come home"" and started back to church and such - i wa never made to feel unwelcome or ashamed (even i confession). i wa welcomed and loved and now grow stronger every day."
"it's because you are totally mindless and are looking for something to do, because you are just sitting there wasted. tutt tutt"
"no, money can not purchase wisdom or love. money can not purchase character. there are so many other thing in life that are beyond the reach of money.the purchasing capacity of money is confined to mundane objects."
"because. if you knew, you wouldnt fall asleep. your body ha to be relaxed and your mind ha to be clean (no thoughts), . so you can fall asleep"
we eat all day long....after-wards we all go walk in the neighborhood and around the lake...then we go home and eat some more...dessert time...eat a little more....drink...eat...and talk alot!!
"for me, the perfect guy is someone who can make me laugh. someone who will run away with me to a beach at 1am to swig chardonnay under the stars, just because we feel like it. someone who will love my friend a much a i do (and not, like a lot of gay men, find it strange that most of them are lesbians)"
it wa invented at the watergate hotel a long time ago. ha nothing to do with nixon. it wa their trademark specialty.
"well maybe because it show those overcoming something great, in a physical way. it challenging, it take perserverence and mental and physical strength. it sort of awe inspiring to see someone take on a task like that and i think actually climbing a mountain mean more than what it simply look like. my dad climb mountains, not for fun, but he go on expeditions..he is on a search for something specific i'll leave out of this answer but i can see how it can be a mind blowing adventure to see and read about...and do."
"it made me feel that a a researcher and historian dan brown leaf a lot to be desired, but a a fiction writer he is ok. i enjoyed the book, but wa able to look past the silly ""facts"" that are purported to be truth that caused so much controversy."
"put the bird in your bathtub in cool water overnite...that's how my mom did it over the years...do not use warm water, you want to keep the turkey from exceeding 40 degree during thawing...if it go higher, you run the risk of contaminating it. i learned that by working in the food service industry since 1995"
"he is tight- he's keeping it real, telling it like it is- the muslim need to be shaped up a little, they shouldn't be getting all offended- and he's trying to get closer to greek orthodox and muslims. he is known a the olive pope, so hopefully he will unite the people- like an olive press does. that is the rumor...it would be cool to see it happen. he know what he belief in and stick to his guns- just what the church needs."
"coz most of 'em cant actually play guitar, they just pretend! lol...;"
"according to one view, the coherence theory of truth is the ""theory of knowledge which maintains that truth is a property primarily applicable to any extensive body of consistent propositions, and derivatively applicable to any one proposition in such a system by virtue of it part in the system"" (benjamin 1962). idea like this are a part of the philosophical perspective known a theoretical holism (quine & ullian 1978). however, coherence theory of truth do not claim merely that coherence and consistency are important feature of a theoretical system — they claim that these property are sufficient to it truth."
you need to schedule yourself some free time even if it is only one day.your brain maybe trying to tell you something .listen. i know studying is very important but while you are worring about this you are not accomplishing much now right. schedule some you time everyone need a break.healthy mind healthy body a healthier you.
"nashville, tn....you have lot of country star (the could be your neighbor, they don't have there ""own town"" like the start in hollywood do, i know someone who life one house away from someone) and the people there are so nice, i don't think i've ever meet a mean person from tn....but, if you are a rude or mean person then don't move there because they won't like you. but i would love to move to tn one day."
"i dated a chic in psych class, doe that count?. you cannot become a psychic. . god bless you"
russia wa allied with serbia which had been threatened after the assassination of archduke ferdinand by the austro hungarian empire. russia stepped in to back up the serb which caused the german to back the austro hungarian and the rest fell into place.
"it's usually 2 pound per person, but i find that if you want to have leftover (yum) and you have big eaters, then you better do 3 pound per person. . so you're looking at a 14 to 21+ pound bird."
i've already been there thanks - watched a brilliant stock car race there . is the track still there ???? xxxxx
"idea are only a strong a we think they are. if we think that our idea can change a person on the world, then that strength will instill in u the ability to put forth the effort to make sure the change occurs, even if the change is minute."
"we are not to judge.. . most born again christian are not catholics, vatican is head of catholic church.. . thanks for letting me ramble!"
there isn't really a central moral that dracula try to teach. the old monster story wa based on a warlord called drake who liked to bathe in his enemy blood.
berber. it is a popular food in the maghreb.
"(puffed rice) is made by heating sand in a pot, and then throwing in grain of rice. the rice can have been washed in brine to provide seasoning. the rice puff up and is separated from the sand by a strainer. muŗi is very popular and is used in a wide variety of secular and religious occasions, or even just munched plain."
because they have a much right to shop at sears (or any other store) a every other race does. usa-----hom of the free!
it means: single minute exchange of dies. it ha to do with the set up time it take to change tool in a manufacturing environment.. hope it helps.
"try taking white chocolate powder and combining it with hot water (use near boiling water). . mix thoroughly.. for a 16oz cup add about 1 tablespoon (or for starbucks-style, use 2 tablespoons) of the chocolate mixture.. pull a 2 oz double (or, for starbucks-style, a 1.5 oz single) into the cup.. stir.. fill to top with steamed milk.. add whipped cream if you so desire.. . the syrup is inferior, but it is what starbucks us so if you want to mimic them a closely a possible you should use it."
"the puke - use a napkin or something and throw it away. the vodka - put it away, youve had enough. yourself - go to sleep"
"take a look on wikipedia at his major achievement and make up your own mind whether he interest you.. . he's in the monty python philosopher song. ""heidegger, heidegger wa a boozy begger. witgenstein wa a beery swine who wa just a sloshed a schlagel....""."
"be prepared, have an agenda - allow people their say but control it so it doe not deviate from the main theme. ask if everyone one know each other - if not ask for an introduction from each participant to include name and function within company/ business/ meeting - always appoint someone to take the minute of the meeting - this you can always refer back. above all enjoy it and keep it focused."
most of suess's book are in color that are a bit on the wild side. i have no idea if this is something he preferred or if the decision on color wa made by the publisher's.. . hope you feel better.
"yes, splenda is made from sugar. splenda is processed sugar. they took out the calories.. they altered the sucrose component of sugar and made it into sucralose, making it zero calories."
"you die, you hurt all the people who love you, all the people who have ever known you. you leave a much deeper hurt than you can ever imagine. if you are religious then you will know that it is a sin to commit suicide, so you go to hell or purgatory."
"the gnome elf usually sits on a specific, particular mushroom...which is red, with white dots... it's a poisonous mushroom actually, the amanita muscaria. this mushroom, when eaten, cause vision and hallucination (it wa known in old time too, by the vikings, for example, they used to eat small quantity of this mushoroom in order to reach the higher level of fury and violence in battle, the berserk)...elfs are creature of the unknown, of the dream...and they sit on a toxic mushroom because they come from that specific part of our culture, from the dark side of human consciousness"
"good question...i used to do it so i could feel ""free"" of inhibitions. but got sick of the feeling the day after. that is my only reply to that. honestly that is not even an excuse...there really is no purpose i guess other than what i said above or to just forget a crappy day/life."
"it is an uncertain reply. it mean that the person is not sure whether he want to or is possible to do what is being asked of him, so he will answer maybe until he know if the answer is a yes or a no. it mean that it is probable."
a far a i have heard the narrow nose is an evolutionary adaptation. the wider nose is more efficient. the narrow nose is an adaptation for warming air in colder climate before it go to the lungs.
cuz the teacher are boring! but i agree with holly t that history is fascinating to learn cuz it will show you the fact of life. why thing happened this way and that way. further more history doe make and shape recent the world.
"the kjv is referred to a the correct bible by people who want to believe it is the correct bible.. . it's not hard to comprehend, you just have to take your time with it."
"it wasn't doing that well, the show lasted several year on nbc and had been declining in the rating and had been shifted to a new network cbs, where like a lot of show at the time, it went to die. in this age of the internet, even in it infancy at that time do you think that a show, and it staff could posse such a secret big enough to lead to cancelation, and no one let it leak out."
"a a lover of 70 rock (and not much since), i've got to say that i've found the chart of the last few year a vast improvement on the last 2 decades. welcome back guitars."
"it would be fair to say this is irony. he is mistaken about who is mother is until the end of the story. in the same sense, he is mistaken metaphorically that his mother is ""good"" chance, rather his mother is actually rotten luck."
roll the long pasta around the fork prong around and aroung in a figure eight type design. . noodle i stab with fork or scoop with a spoon.
perfect sense to anyone who's seen it.. . so the phantom won't drop a noose or lariat down and strangle you or pull you up and hang you from a catwalk. this happens to a character during the musical by andrew lloyd webber.
i'm goin' on and feelin' strong. i'm also off the onry charts.
he didn't have to pay them and he could please the queen by setting up a spanish penal colony.. . i would also imagine that jail in the 15th century were next to hell. so he made them an offer they could not refuse.
"you need to find some help immediately. it sound a though you don't think your mother understands you, so i suggest that you talk with your guidance counselor at school. go to the office before class and tell the receptionist that you have an important personal matter you need to talk with your guidance counselor about.. . be honest when talking with the guidance counselor."
"they're rebelling from the religion mommy and daddy raised them on.. . they also seem to have a problem with generalizing christians, assuming they're all fundamentalist wackos. are all atheist rude and insulting...or just the one on this site? see, generalizing is not nice."
"back to back (as in two back together) or ""side by side"", a in two together. back to back generally mean something ha occurred twice without a pause in between. a in ""back to back"" victory two year in a row."
"from the 300 or so question you've answered, you only got 30 a best answers...lol....what are you on about! look like you need some attention, huh??"
"well, you know. .. being a slave and all is a pretty big disadvantage, i'd say."
"you can add a little more oil and an extra egg. take 5-10 minute longer to cook, but will come out nice an moist."
"it is another, somewhat strange name for a photographer. i hope my answer helped you."
"feel sorry for them (as sorry a you feel for yourself). . also, thicken your skin."
i think it is pretty well covered. all the way from the united 93 movie that came out this year to the numerous web site dedicated to memorial and finally the conspiracy discussions.
it usually doesn't get very cold until early january. it could be anywhere in the low 40 to 20's during the first part of december.. and it usually rains.
"+ slavery of black in particular, started long before the pyramid were built. the reason wa that they were easy to catch and that they were usually sold out by their own. the reason why is because they were readily available and relatively strong if not smart worker that could be kept going for cheap, and that they were disposable and easy to identify if they tried to escape."
"wrap urself in fiberglass. . i lock my self in the bathroom with the jacuzzi filled and read ...with it running you cant even hear the kid fighting .... but if ur problem is the tv's ,games & ect .... im not even going to bother answering that one .ur on ur own cause if you cant figure that one out them you wouldnt understand the power button ."
"you are fed manna, which, according to the sages, can emulate any flavor of any food that you wish. for example, if you want it to taste like the best pizza pie you've ever tasted, it will taste like that."
i am pretty perplexed with your question? can you give additional details??
are you talking about ralph waldo emerson? if so he had no idea of perspective of nature. he did write about nature but he didnt grasp onto the effect nature would have on mankind.if he were alive today i think he would have written differently
change the pan and do not scrape out the bottom. my graqndmother always used a potato to remove salt and an apple to remove a burnt taste.
"not all recipe serve 6-8. however, a large number of them serve 6-8 because it's a good serving size for a dinner party."
"a normal shot glass is 1.5 oz, ""short shot"" or ""pony"" glass are 1 oz.. . 1 fluid oz = 2 tablespoon"
"this is a tough one. i force myself to accomplish small things, and it grows from there. at the least, i can justify my existence if i do a little something rather than nothing."
"exactly.. . somehow it's ok that god wa ""war and punishment and revenge"" for a while and then did a 180 and said ""let's be rainbow and puppy and sugarcubes now!"""
"hors d'œuvre. . ""also known a appetizer(s), refer to the food served before or outside of (french: hors d') the main dish of a meal (œuvre, literally ""work"")."""
"haha value... haha character... lol well to me the differnce is value is what you have to offer and what you are something ha to offer will help another person well being or profit.. character is pretty self explanitory, it basically when you show your true colrs it lammens terms... personality. lol hope that help ya!!"
"you can either go on southern to london victoria (50 mins) or you can go to london bridge. depends where you want to go in london - ask the staff at the station, they will help you"
i am not an atheist but i know that you don't have to be threatened by hell in order to do a good deed. unfortunately christian don't think so.
"it offends the biblical literalists if you say the universe is more than 6009 year old. the big bang place the age of the universe at 13.7 billion years, give of take. suspend literal reading and it's pretty obvious."
are you sure you do not mean 'early modernism'??
"my parent always tell me it's rude to have your elbow on the table while eating, but i also think it's rude to physically push someone's elbow off the table. if you go out to a nice restauraunt then you should refrain from putting your elbow on the table, but no one get dirty look in mcdonald's for this offense."
"i think 1/2 cup peanut butter wouldn't hurt, or some chopped pecan or walnuts, if you have them. good luck :)"
"♥♪♦♫ i think the reason that he wa portrayed a a egg is because the only thing that someone could not put back together is a egg or either glass or a mirror. now there is a lot of way to look at this nursery rhyme. i would think that it would have made more sense if he wa a mirror because mirror sit on wall but because they were talking about a barricade this is the only way i would have known that they were talking about a egg, i hope that i have helped you."
"my definition of a nerd is either a person who is into computers, study and work hard and is very intelligent or someone who come across to others a a geek, a person that nobody, apart from other geeks, want to hang around with. in that he is viewed by others a a goody-two-shoes, always polite, hardly get into trouble. the stereotype of a nerd is one who wear glasses, is not into sports, wear plaid shirts, often a tie a well and either black shoe or old skool trainer"
"phil, not being a psych and reading the question, the fact you're even asking would make me think you are into some kind of rehearsal for the main event - all i can say is if you're not regretful for whatever reason, why pretend??? you're only going to end up kidding yourself!"
"would you rather they stick them on their chairs? besides, it give moron something to aim at and keep the piss in the bowl instead of on the floor."
"in the 1500's, spain and portugal were exploring and colonizing the world (particularly south america), and in order to reduce conflict, a pope decreed that spain would have the western part of south america and portugal the eastern part. hence, chilean speak spanish, and brazilian speak portuguese."
"a classic myth is that softball is full of lesbian - an idea that emerged from one of the great pillar of intelligence, the u.s. army, which historically conducted it witchhunts for lesbian by heading for the softball games. . it is true that lesbian play softball, even lot of lesbians; but many straight woman play softball too. in total softball gear, it is hard to tell who is this, that, or the other thing: they all look like softball players."
"boiling onion are small, white pungent onion that are about 1 inch (2.5 cm) in diameter, slightly larger than pearl onions. they are added whole to stew and other dish and cooked until soft.. . not only are they great in long cooking dish like stew, but they are also great used whole with shish kabobs. just alternate the onion with mushroom and chunk of whatever meat you choose on skewers."
jesus is the true son of god. mohammad is nothing but a false prophet.
"because you can see the amazing stuff that athlete do, while you often don't even hear about what genius do. if you don't understand the genius, you don't know what is so special about him either."
"they are called ""matryoshka"" (singular) or ""matryoshki"" (plural). but they are not really russian. the first set of ""matryoshki"" wa manufactured in sergiev posad about 1895 based on a japanese toy depicting a buddhist sage called fukuruma, his wife, and their numerous children..."
"the top of a mermaid's scale which connect the fish portion to the human half is like the foreskin of a penis. the mermaid ha to peel it back to mate (in her case peel it ""down""). she must also peel it back to pop the egg out after they've been fertilized."
"december and march, the weather is much more agreeable to most people. during this period, daytime temperature range between 22°c and 30°c (77°f to 95°f). nightime minimum can get a low a 7°c (48°f) in the city in rare instance but will get lower if you are camping up in the mountains."
"break it down into a many element a possible. so if the question is why can't india play cricket well at the moment you need to look at selection, batting, bossing, fielding and so on/. the smaller the individual segment the easier it is to answer. then you reassemble."
"ch (as in chew) ""a"" a in apple, and b ""a"" a in apple tt ""a"" a in apple. ch-a-b-a-tt-a. doe that help?"
"they have these black out cap for the miniature lights. you can put them on the light that are between the window and door. check lowes or home depot. you will see the string in daylight, but at night it will look perfect!"
1. sleep. 2. sleep. 3. sleep. not necessarily in this order ;)
"you should probably talk to someone about this.it's kind of unusual, i've never heard of anyone eating only oatmeal.but you need to get other nutrient in your diet...vitamin c, protein, omega-3, and the list go on. if this is all you've been eating you have major nutrient deficiencies. you should slowly add more food back into your diet.if you want to continue eating oatmeal, fine, but have some fruit at breakfast, have a slice of meat and cheese at lunch, some vegatables at dinner, and so on. you can't live the rest of your life on oatmeal."
"that's funny. your question should have been, 'why isn't anybody asking question about bristol?'"
most religious book are full of some hatred. even the bible is full of such hatred. it's not fair to single out one text.
"because thought the easter bunny look real good and chocolaty, we have found it is only a hollow shell. . . jesus, one the other hand is what fill the hollow shell that wa once me."
"you could pick her up take her out to lunch and tell her you need to pick up some groceries, you pickup some pantry staple and let her shop or suggest why dont we spend the evening making dinner together and leave her with all the groceries. . borrow her car when she come over (make a lame excuse like i dont want to take mine out from garage) run out to gas station and fill up her tank. little thing like that .....from time to time."
"the biggest difference between bhagat singh and gandhi wa that while the former believed in resort to violence for freedom, the later wa ""jesus of india"" (as said by mountbatten, the last british viceroy to india), and believed in complete non violence.. . both had their own merit and demerits, but it obvious that the british would target bhagat singh...as he believed and practised armed movement against the british.."
"tax are theft from working people so that lazy, fat politician can live in big mansion and drive fancy cars. also, it give them lot of cash to pas on to their friend and family."
"cognitively speaking, someone would say that depression is caused and sustained by constantly thinking you're worthless and all that great stuff. you think it long enough and it becomes true, basically psyching yourself out."
"a wink is done voluntarily with one eyelid closing usually in kind to acknowledge another individual, or flirtatiously. a blink is done involuntarily with both eyelid closing in unison, but very rapidly, an auto-response of the eye to lubricate it with a film of moisture so it doesn’t dry out."
"aztec empire.... . civilized , though not in the modern sense.. brilliant architecture."
i am giggling - you are so right stick and box - anyway um why not spend some time with them give their parent a gift too! i don't know how many you have but take em to mickeyd's let them run rampant out in the play area or stay at their house while their parent go out and just love em and laugh alot - thats what they will remember most!! god bless!
"that's a good question! these day though, most people take their kid to a safe place to trick-or-treat (like a place where the public is invited)... the mall, social services, etc."
"the safest way to do this is to paint a often and a many painting a you can and start selling them. once your painting start to generate a modest enough income, you will be in a better position to decide your next move. don't forget about creating what some artist call throw away art. these will keep some money coming in while you paint those that will take you longer, are of better quality, and demand a higher price."
wow not ten minute ago you were only 10!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"yeah, i wind up in graveyard at night quite often stealing little plug of native grasses. the older the graveyard, the more likely the grass in there are native because no one's plowed it under and planted a crop on it. i'm interested in native grasses."
more to the point... why do hundred of people end up answering???. . 'tis beyond me...
charismatic mean the charismatic renewal of the rc church.. they are fakes.. pentecostal are the protestant charismatics.. they are the true follower of the apostolic doctrine and practice.. . i am a pentecostal.
"through extensive trial and error, i've discovered that the optimal temperature for heineken is not achieved in the refrigerator. the taste seems to improve quit a bit after it's had a chance to get roughly half way to room temperature. i don't have a thermometer handy, but i'm going to guess that it's roughly 48-52 degree fahrenheit. the fridge get it close to 38 degree or so (last time i checked) and it's about 65 in my apartment."
"you might want to check the pinenuts you used a they do go rancid and can lead to the problem you had.. . otherwise, for a traditional pesto with garlic, basil, pinenuts, olive oil and salt. you need to keep it refrigerated in a sealed container. i like to make mine fresh just before i need it."
"'when they shower'...hahaha...that wa good :o). still laughing :o). i wa feeling kinda tired...that's perked me up.. not sre that there could be only ghost clothes, but anthing is possible... i mean if you can have other ghostly object like ships, cars, bell etc. then why not clothes right?"
the owner of a machineshop. cause i wa at work til 7 pm last night.
they make the letter first in candy in large size block (so the lettr is a cross-section of the block) and then arrange them with block of white candy in between (so they now have a really fat short stick of rock). then they roll it and stretch it so the letter get smaller and stretched out and finally when it is the right thickness they harden it.
"o.k even though word like ""chinky"" are offensive and innappropriate, the answer to your question is:. phoenix eye in tradtional chinese image are slightly slanted and oval.. look at the link below."
start anytime after thanksgiving. i used to work in a department store and they had christmas decoration up before halloween (very tacky). we used to joke about needing to put jack-o'-lantern and witch on the wreathes!
"wow what a question! well for myself the meaning of life is ----life is a learning experince, i believe we have many life and each one is to learn more. of course i believe in silvia brown teaching"
"jurassic park wa a book by michael crichton, and made into 3 movies.. . the basic premise is that a wealthy man discovers a way to extract the dna of dinosaur from ancient mosquito trapped in ember, and us this to clone them. chaos ensues, and the dinosaur munch on a few humans.. . jurassic is a period in earth's history, during the age of the dinosaurs."
bacterial growth is slowed down at below 40f. that's what keep food fresher longer.
"press all the air out of the bag when you reseal it. also, pull out the amount of fry you are going to use and let them sit on a papertowel for a few minute before putting them into the fryer."
"the u senate and congress wa leery of any treaty that were ""entangling."" that is they did not want to be forced to do anything."
"according to sale figures. most retailer are in ""the red"" or in debt until the day after thanksgiving, a this is one of the busiest shopping day of the year. after this day they have turned a profit and are now operating ""in the black"".. . this is due to ledger being written in black ink for positive amount and red ink for negative amounts."
"i think america ha a bad reputation for doing that lately. on behalf of all american who understand what you're talking about and realize that it's wrong, i apologize."
"well it a mild to serious form of mental illness, it affect approxmatly 3 per cent of the population, a lot of people are ignorant of it a they seem to assume people with it are either mad or are some kind of freaks.it 's not a laughing matter a anyone can hve it, including me.people tend to think the people with split personality disorder are acting or making thing up, but no ,they don't actuly know that they are doing it.i hope i gave u enough info on it,i had an ex b/f who had it, but wa cured by drug and counceling.so pls do not worry!!"
"it all depends on the variable of what kind of people you are dealing with. one couple might have the same amount of tiny incompatibility and quirk a the other, but because of their ethic and the way they work out their differences, they manage to work it out and see it through every time. . it's all in how you are able to work out your problem and disagree effectively (communication), everything else doesn't mean squat when it come to keeping it together-- including religion, different tastes, different backrounds, even infidelity."
"in the olden day it used to be academic intelligence, nowadays it tends to look at adaptability. how well a specie can adjust to it;s environment. however to me common sense count for a lot too!!"
you can work at mcdonalds. you´ll find yourself analyzing everybody´s profile according on wether they like cheese or pickle in their hamburgers.. ýou´ll find yourself entertained most part of the day.. cheers.
"don't use a book go out and find some feather and teach your self! it the best way to learn and develop your own style! this also help your hand to eye understanding of an object, your brain work differently when reading 2d information from a book from that of 3d object.. good luck! don't be afraid of making mistakes, in art they don't exist!"
"i think it seems that way because of the saying. when 1 and then the second thing happen all in a short period of time we notice and when we get to the 3rd thing we especially take notice. sometimes a 4th or even 5th thing happens but we stop counting or wait for the 6th - 3 and 3 again?. personally, 3 is my lucky number so when 3 seemingly bad thing happen, i look for the silver lining."
"because of all the mutant ninja turtle show on tv.. . also, he wa gay."
i am not a christian but believe he wa real. his teaching are too profound and applicable today a then. roman killed people the way jesus died/ i must compliment you on your fertile imagination.
"having been taught at college how to make puff pastry and know how much hassle it is, i now buy it ready made (saxby's) a it always come out perfect. don't give yourself the added stress of making puff pastry, life is too short."
"i think anyone that read it, just wanted to jump on the ""popular culture bandwagon"". people who read it were trying to be cool. it's the same with harry potter."
"he disguise himself so all the suitor won't recognize him and kill him. i think athena helped him. plus, after 20 years, people tend to change a bit."
that's proof enough for me.... . there is no god..
"jesus is god, sent to earth in human form. it's the whole trinity thing. 3 in one...father son holy ghost"
"it's spanish....pronounced in english like this (dose eh kees)...it's hard to do phonetically, but that's it. hope this helps."
"do you mean calaloo, which is a green leaf used a a vegetable in the caribbean and part of south america.. . though saying that is misleading a different islands/countries call different leaf calaloo"
"put it inside a cute mug, and add some packet of tea bags, hot cocoa mix or coffee...and place inside s christmas stocking if it's a christmas gift. if not, then place inside a gift bag"
"you're right, it shouldn't invalidate either... however, if the raincoat start to claim that it can feed you, then that's where we have a problem.... . the tested and reliable theory of biology state what the physical world presents. when theology try to invade the realm of science and misconstrues the fact and twist word and attempt to replace fundamental biological principle with absurd notions, none of which have any supporting evidence, is when the raincoat literally ha started eating itself."
"e war schön, gestern nacht mit dir zu sprechen( informal) when for instance you are talking to a friend.. . . . e hat mich gefreut, gestern nacht mit ihnen zu sprechen... (formal) a a form of respect for instance you use it when talking to someone that you have just met ."
"1 thessalonian 5:17 pray without ceasing.. . i think if you live in constant prayer, constant communication with the lord, then everything else you need will always be there before you."
you haven't convinced me that the jew contol the media. give u some examples.
"heb 11:1. 1now faith is the substance of thing hoped for, the evidence of thing not seen.. (kjv)"
"it's the pot calling the kettle black, and then jumping into a pool of black paint just in case it wasn't black enough already.. heterosexual hold hand / make out on every street corner everyday, and no one say boo; they have flashy, extravagent ritual to broadcast and celebrate their heterosexuality which they deny us, some would say wedding ring are also flaunting heterosexuality; they broadcast image of themselves with their families, in their bedrooms, kissing and shopping and doing everything together on my television and in my magazines, and on billboard that i can't ""turn off"". if anyone in this society is flaunting their sexuality, it's decidedly not us."
who sits around thinking up these stupid questions. . doe that make one bit of sense?
people report the cpt. they don't report you. yahoo grease the squeeky wheels. that's pretty much it.
"high oil price explain about half of it. the other half is attributable to productivity slowdown; between 1973 and 1979, productivity in the u.s. grew by mere 0.6% a year a opposed to 2.3% between 1960 and 1973.. . a macroeconomics textbook by abel and bernanke (if i remember correctly) ha a chapter-long discussion of it..."
"liar. it is the feminine form. it could also cover the word ""fibber""."
"this will depend what part of the usa. . there is 6 hour differance , between lagos and new york and 9 hour difference between lagos and los angeles on the pacific coast."
well i work for pepsi in wytheville va and the reason is that is wa a total flop. we threw away around 5500 case because it wa going out of date many ppl did not like the spce flavor so we are going to wait and see if the demand is there before we go any farther but it may hit the shelf soon keep lookin
"i have heard this, but only a few ounce at most.. can that claim be substantiated?. or, in fact, doe the soul/spirit not have any weight since it doe not have mass?"
"well on a sunday i have the full english...bacon, sausage, hash browns, toast, beans/egg/or tomato (never all 3 together) cup of tea and finish with toast and marmalade.. rest of the week i either have toast and marmalade and a cup of tea, or cereal, at the moment it weetabix, but could be rice crispies or cornflakes or frosties. sometimes in winter i have porridge oat made from quaker oat in a pan with pinch of salt, cup of water, boiled, poured into a big bowl and then sprinkle of sugar over the top with milk."
no one cheat death you only delay the inevitable. it just wasn't your time yet no matter what you think you have no control over your death when it's your time. embrace the horror my friend.
"i am also assuming you mean sky harbor. best way from mesa is to take the 202 towards tempe, and exit the sky harbor exit, it is just a bit past tempe on the 202"
"it's science, not god. if you want to say god did it, say god invented science and everything, thus the sky is blue.. . he didn't paint it blue, that's retarded."
clive is totally wrong. race is a social construction based only on superficial biological characteristic that in no way shape who a person becomes. it is the meaning and belief about race that contribute to the formation of identity. how a particular racial category behaves varies over time and from place to place.
"christian. because i believe in the love and mercy of the one true god and in salvation of my eternal soul thru his son, jesus."
"i think it doe come in can in other part of the world. in the u it probably ha something to do with marketing. you know, if it look crystal clear it look more enticing or something."
"door were opened for europe long before the crusade - in fact, most of what we consider european medicine, science and literature begin with the work and art of arab muslim in spain, sicily and the holy land, ie: the very people that the crusader marched against. in fact, many military tactic the crusader used had been learned from the muslim army who ruled much of spain for 400 years, and brought their own learning, a well a recovered greek learning, from the syrian caliphate.. . but the myth persists that it wa the crusade that brough the ""lost"" learning of ancient greece and rome to western europe, a well a lot of nice money and the smug feeling of possessing jerusalem. in fact, the crusade brought syphilis and wave of plague (as all those holy soldier enjoyed sleeping around), the cruelty of the inquisition, the banishment of the jew and muslim from spain, a wealthy and overweening papacy, and a heritage of intolerance to and ignorance about muslim and jews."
spoonfull of nesquick in a glass and topup with milk. . or you could buy a chocolate cow.
"*** private buses, taxi and govt. bus avialble. there will be no problem to you."
"i'm actually not familiar with that view of monet. his art, however, wa more-or-less deliberately unintellectual, so i can see how it would support such a reading. perhaps this is a matter of others inferring from the simple, populist nature of his painting a simple and populist painter -- which he clearly, a you have demonstrated, wa not."
"damn, i'm glad someone finally brought this up!! given that so many people sneak candy - in class, during lectures, at church, behind your friends' back so you won't have to share - why do the candy company continue making bloody loud wrapping??? someone is going to make a fortune by creating silent wrapping!"
"thats not necessarily true. it depends on the play. and yeas, probably because they are more experienced and that energy is needed for the other actor to work. it also depends on what ur opinion on what the ""best role"" is."
no string attached. if you don't believe in god you have no reason to have moral or a conscience. life becomes a game... until you die and realize it's too late and then you get to enjoy hell with no regrets.
"everything that we experience and think is processed and interpreted. emotion influence that processing and interpreting. that's why it's important to understand your emotions, so you can at least see that layer and account for it."
i believe that the truth is that most homeless people have a mental illness.. . i suppose some have addiction issue but if you were to interact with the homeless at a shelter or food pantry you would realize that mental illness is very common.
"with deep, heartfelt laughter, it appears that serum cortisol, which is a hormone that is secreted when we’re under stress, is decreased. so when you’re having a stress reaction, if you laugh, apparently the cortisol that ha been released during the stress reaction is reduced."
"a said above, lemon juice(citric acid) is a good way to keep your fruit from browning, but there are several other way to apply this method, which can be viewed via source link. the link also cover which fruit should be ""prepared"" before the others."
"well, in the first place, christian fundamentalist are ironically very un-christian in every respect except what they call themselves. it's weird, but the biggest ""christians"" are the least christian.. . a true fundamentalist in the accurate sense of the word would be living in poverty, shunning the worldly things, and doing endless charity work, like mother theresa, or buddhist monks."
i do not see how you can say that look at what your union did to our people at johnson's island (northern ohio); camp douglas (chicago); and elmira (new york). may-be for new year you can use these feeling to get an apology and memorial for these boys!. . god bless you and the southern people.
"it probably date from the day of ""yankee doodle,"" the song used by pro-us people in the revolutionary war. people from outside of the u probably do not have any union/rebel association with the word.. . fyi the civil war wa over 140 year ago. get over your bigotry."
"people come in all colors, shape and sizes. more people are plus size, so the market demand the need be met."
it must be just you because i'm a chinese chink or what have you.....and smile all the time...except at ugly fat bitch like you...also...we can sense...stupid ass like you so we know to not smile when we see you coming. b--i--t--ch!!!
it dry out the food at a very low temperature over along period of time and also rotates fresh air in and the moist air out of the machine so that there is no condensation returning the moisture back into the food. you could also dehydrate food in an oven set to a very low temperature.
"sexual desire can no more be overcome a can hunger. sexual desire, like hunger, can be sated with a caring partner. find yourself such a partner and see to each others healthy, consensual sexual desires.. . remember, just a suppressing hunger lead to starvation, suppressing sexual desire lead to pathology: both are unhealthy."
"there wa once a king placed a reward against archer for their index and middle fingers, so they couldnt shoot anymore. after a major battle, the troop of that king were captured. they were marched in front of the archer and the archer held up there two finger pretty much to say ""fuck you"" and over time the index finger just deteriorated out."
"wow. reading these answer make me feel we really are superior :p. regardless of the million of good quality we have, now i'm sure we have the best sense of humor (after comparing to others). . u have a good taste alloutsider;)"
"the former strives to destroy the mind, the latter the body, of it opponents. the problem is that people can live with ""destroyed"" mind (as born-agains), but being dead can really be a problem. on the other hand, christian fundamentalist are much more numerous, and they actually fight back just a hard."
"""allah"" wa an ancient moon-god who wa given monotheistic status by mohammed. this is why all the flag of muslim country have a crescent moon on them."
"many rapist (and worse) start out that way, you need to be pro-active in getting this guy caught. i like the above suggestion of surveillance camera. anything to trap him, get him identified and behind bar will help society at large. do your duty."
hacking my way through the illiteracy. the japanese casualty were caused by their fight to the death tactics.
not really there are male wiccan too.. but more often yes.. . blessed be )o(
u want to stay aloof...& then to top it ask q like this...wat the hell u want???? wats worring u?. do u think life all that easy?dont chk on people chk urself...& best way is to share..share all even the feelings...giv some space. & keep some for urself
"just don't day anything about it. she'll probably forget it, or she might not have even noticed. if she or someone else say anything about it, just say what is true- you nose ha been itching, and it's none of their business."
"new england weather: capricious and unpredictable.. . the old saying go ""if you don't like the weather in new england, then wait a minute""."
you'll have to try to find the bad bulb on the second half that isn't working. take an extra bulb and try each one.....it's easier just to buy new lights.
use photoshop. after install in image>adjustment choose rgb . and began to colorize it.
"opec requires that it oil be purchased in dollars. even china, russia, and the european union have to use american dollar if they want to buy oil from opec. if it weren't for this fact, the american dollar would be worthless because there's so many dollar floating around."
if you have zero knowledge of spanish.. you'd drive yourself nuts.. . if you know spanish to some extent.. it could help.
the sphinx is considered the beast of initiation where power and wisdom are concerned. it is also the equivalent of the griffith. but the truth behind the sphinx lay hidden still and no one answer will ever be considered absolute for now.
"literally translated it mean :"" hello my sunshine"" and usually it is referred to a small child, to a beloved and is very familiar and sweet in tone.. privet (привет)= hello/hi. moyo (мойо)=my. solnishko is the more intimate form, derived from solnce (солнце)= sun.. hope that is of help.. have a great day!"
"if you turn your head to the left, you find out that it's a smiley face.. . : is the eyes. . ) is the mouth."
go to any bookastalla sk for ttk road maps. they are very good. or visit itdc office nearestr to ur place.
"1 tablespoon plus 1 3/4 teaspoon (9.5 grams) of cocoa, 1 tablespoon plus 1/2 teaspoon (14.5 grams) granulated white sugar, 1 1/2 teaspoon (7 grams) unsalted butter for every ounce (28 grams) of bittersweet or semisweet chocolate. also, dissolve the cocoa in at least 1/4 cup (60 ml) hot liquid to bring out the cocoa's full flavor."
"the fed member vote on deciding whether to raise interest, this is done to control inflation (i.e. an increase in price of good in a country)"
"this is so true! do you know that when a person say something about another person dying, the angel in heaven actually debate whether that person should die or not! one ha to be so careful what they say to someone else!!"
"hello dear lila!. well, to be exact, socrates did not disapproved democracy, but the way at his time democracy wa practiced (and it wa much more democratic than in our days)!. his main concern wa that in the democratic practice of his days, many lesser -on specific issues- were working on important issues! thus, he wa proposing that the proper person to deal with the subject of his knowledge, talent, expertise!"
"try to find a good site, ask yahoo. when is the paper due?"
cake flour is a more finely ground flour much like all purpose flour--though it generally ha a lower gluten (protein) content. gluten is what make dough stick together--like in bread. lower gluten flour is flaky like in biscuit and cakes. depends on what your intended u is a to whether they are interchangable.
"human nature, fanaticism and utter ignorance! and it's the fanaticism within the soul that maintains it."
bring ur pasport and photo. go to usa embassy. apply visa
"africa mean a place without cold or a place where coldness is absent it wa named by expeditionary mission whom coming from cold weathered place noticed the hot climate and named it in latin or greek, i don´t recall right now the etymological root but it is something like a-without, frica-cold. america wa named after americo vespuccio who wa the first man to draw a map of the continent and signed the map with his name and the king started referring to the continent by his name. the rest i don´t know"
"because it is not free. they sell your information to someone for money, and that indirectly pay for your gift. there you have the economics of it."
social grace have gone by the way-side. people no longer have any idea of what is proper behavior in social situations. the most eloquent person will apear crass and un-interesting if they present a profane arrogant front.
"the xmas tree (actually yule tree) began among the german pagans, who tied bit of brightly coloured cloth to evergreen tree to appease the spirit of the tree.. . prince albert (victoria's husband) brought the german tradition to england where it caught on and spread across (non-germanic) europe and america.. . the story about nimrod is an attempt by the church to hijack the traditional and erase it's pagan roots."
"your question is not clear. is it where i can learn or why i should learn? presuming that you want to learn english, you can learn it by joining english speaking institute in your town . if you continuously read good english papers, you will on one day become master of english language."
it mean to tear the pointy tip off and throw them away. no one eats the hard point of the wing.
"it wa made from a loaf that wa called a bloomer.. bloomer. thick, long, white loaf, lightly cut across the top so that the cut open out or ‘bloom’ to give a crisp crust. sometimes sprinkled with poppy seeds."
"ok. i don't know about that particular song, but i do know about another song which he sings. i think it is called ""fijate bien"" his wa based on the mine which were placed in columbia (this wa a long time ago), and now kid just play around this area, so tragically they end up stepping on the mines, and die. so the song give the colombian listener a warning to be careful, ""fijate bien donde pisas, fijate cuando caminas,no valla ser que una mina, te desbarate los pie mi amor"" - juanes. translated into ""watch where you step, watch where you walk, becuase a mine could break your feet, my love"""
"it like saying bless you or have a nice day. used mostly by wiccan or pagan or witches, it just a greeting or a good bye. . we could all use a little blessing."
you cannot. there is no absolute truth in the universe.
"embrace, love, support the arts.. . too often do the art get overshadowed by thing like sports, so u artist have to rebel against popularity and rock out"
"it mean a lot of things. the dictionary meaning isnt exactly 100% on. respect mean what you want it to mean to you....to me, it mean caring, looking out for others feelings, holding your tounge when someone is talking....to me respect is a word for a long list of basic rules."
"standing rib roast (also known a prime rib even if the beef isn't prime quality). the term ""standing"" mean that because the bone are included in the roast, the roast can stand by itself. a rib roast with the bone removed is commonly referred to a a rolled rib roast."
it is the only thing that feel true. when i said that i wa a christian i felt like i wa living a lie and i do not want to say that i totally rule out the possibility of a god (atheism). i have always been a big one for the middle ground. ok that is not exactly the middle ground but it work for me.
hmmm.. i've always thought we have freedom of speech a long a we keep our mouth shut. :)
"he did what his heart told him to do, and being the romantic that he is, he doe what he doe best and writes down what he feels. <3"
first decide if you are shy or just quiet. there is a difference. if you are just quiet i would recommend *party of one by anneli rufus and the highly sentive person by elaine aaron please llok them up on the web and if that's you i would really recommend reading them
important!!! you should only fix giblet gravy if it's broken.
"freedom of speech is important because it give people the right to voice thier opinoins. this is one thing that make america a ""free country"" bake when the colony were around, if you said something against the king you might go on trial. and you might get killed. personly, i prefere freedom of speech."
i don't think it is impossible to believe. i just think that most christian don't give humanity enough credit.
talk to her about your feeling and then tell her in private. good luck!
"i guess they keep chocolate to increase your blood sugar if it low, cause chocolate since acient time have been known to give you a good sudden burst of energy.. . p.s: i have seen chemist keeping fizzy drink & chip a well.."
"first boil the crab. remove all the meat and then put them in an oven at 150f to dry out. if you have access to a meat grinder, run them through and then zip them in a food processor. if no meat grinder, smash them up on a cutting board covered w/ a towel prior to the food processor."
"believe me the bias on here ha nothing to do with your wording, but all to do with hateful people who make this forum their whole life. i think just about everyone ha had a number of question deleted by some insecure person on here for one reason or other."
"known a the ""mexican boogeyman"", the cucuy is the adult phase of an alien specie now origionating from the lincoln national forest of new mexico. known for ferocity and stealthiness, the cucuy is feared by all child who know it's evil name."
"because unfortunately that crap sell cd's. just once i would like to see a barely dressed man with his part hanging out ""shaking his money maker"" for a video. i can bet you it would never sell."
"if you're going to cook it in the oven, make sure that it's covered so that it retains it's moisture and cook it on a low temperature for a longer time. i prefer to cook roast in a crockpot, on low all day long so that they're fall apart tender."
"he said he wasn't and i think he wa the only one there when there wa nothing yet there.. so i trust him when he say it . i only know of him because he created me, how do you know of him?"
"go to addresses, click add new contact, type in friend info!!"
"we accept it on faith just like you christian believe all that moses and jesus nonsense.. . just kidding, there is proof of evolution."
"a popular belief is that the drink wa named after morrison's former employer in texas, but this ha been disputed by the dr pepper company itself. they state that before moving to texas, morrison lived in virginia near a dr. charles t. pepper, and may have been close to pepper's daughter at the time. the name is also reinforced by being an obvious play on ""pep"", i.e. providing quick energy to it consumer."
once you hit level 5 you will never have to leave the computer lolol....you've just hit your limit. you can log back in when you wake up tomorow morning...sleep tight.
"leader such a angela davis gravitated to the movement because of it ... problems, they tried, while the civil right movement did not attempt solutions. ..."
well that's like a homeless person saying why can't a home owner be happy with a small house. think about it
"i think you are mishearing them.. prado is a museum in madrid. . ""prego"" (pronounced pray-go) is italian for ""you're welcome!"" or ""please!"""
"wine will freeze in your freezer because the alcohol content is low(ish). your freezer is rarely below 0 degree f, so a close approximation would be somewhere between 0 and 10 f."
"eperohos sembulos. (the first e pronounced a eagle, the secong e pronouced like elephant, the third e (sembulos) pronounced a eagle again. the u is pronounced a ultimate)"
water is supposed to be healthier than soda and putting it in an aluminum can would defeat the purpose. you do get trace metal from drinking out of can that are not good for you.
"they (and their sister organizations) are truely one of the greatest organization in the world. they help anyone with no regard to nationality, religion, sex, or race."
"because when you eat sheep it's called mutton.. . mutton tends to be rather tough and chewy unless boiled in stew for quite a while. adult sheep tend to be more productive to the farmer, producing one - or often two - lamb per year for slaughter plus wool. so the price of two tender lamb plus the wool exceeds the price of one chewy mutton... thus it's more economic to sell lamb a meat rather than mutton."
"hmmm, well if you are eating ready meals/tinned food then it quite obvious, a they contain loads. if you're eating fresh food then it a bit strange, maybe you have strong tastebuds!. anyway dont moan i am obsessed with salt and would love to taste it constantly without having to add it!"
"i boil them seperately until al-dente', then spoon them into each bowl before pouring soup over them.. . this also is good for freezing the leftover soup for another meal.... no soggy thawed out noodles... just boil fresh!"
"honestly, it's a fairly subjective measure, although there are some benchmark in place. for example, for a score of 50, person ha ""serious symptoms"" or ha ""serious impairment"" functionally... but really, it's based a the rater's opinion of the person they are rating."
"it would mean rising price and le purchasing power. retail business will slow down a consumer spending deminishes. real estate price go down in many areas, granted there is a slow local growth."
kant got his major thesis from a reading of the bhagavad-gita. have you read the book yourself? it should point you to the answer.
"i think they just included the country they thought that most people on here would talk about. sudan question are usually lumped in the africa & middle east section...i know it's vague, but i guess they didn't think it wa worth putting a subsection with each african country listed individually...probably for the same reason that the middle east is lumped in with africa and not it own section. but i seriously doubt it wa meant to offend anyone."
"city folk are statistically reported to be le polite than one in the country. another example; new york. it's the lack of time, the stress, longer queue and le personal space that get people more on the edge."
the pyramid wa built by using a huge series of ramp and levers. i imagine they carved the stone with some form of hammer and chisels.
"a chalice is a goblet (large cup) usually used to drink wine. if you want a modern day version check out the one that rapper like 50 cent, snoop and bishop don juan use. although historically chalice were usually used in ceremony"
"just be yourself hon it's not all about clothes. after i chose to undergo gender reassignment i had to do the same with some of the people i have to work with, although there's no easy way to tell people, i thought their gonna find out at some point and rather it be embarrassing it's best to tell them now it wa fine and still is infact thing are no different to how they always were. if they have a problem with anything, well that's their look out at least your being true to yourself, and that's what i all boil down to at the end of the day. good luck :-)"
"song have always been more portable, and more transferable. a good song could be learned by thousand of people, a good painting could never be reproduced that easily. song are cheaper to produce and easier to understand."
both. the theory of evolution is valid in that it describes what is happening to what wa created.
"welles wa given total control over every aspect of citizen kane but wa known to take advice from those around him. bernard and orson were good friend and had similar idea on the role of music in movies. they teamed up again for welles' next film ""the magnificent andersons""."
that is me! if i have a week to get a paper done i will get it done hour before it is due but if i only have a day it get done quicker. you sound like you have add i did not find out until i wa an adult and knowing ha helped me to understand myself. task that seem trivial are almost impossible to do but should be easy.
genesis 1. 1 in the beginning god created the heaven and the earth.
a jesuit is a roman catholic priest. there are several different order of religious and the jesuit are just one kind.
"yeah minority is realtive to a context.in the context of the usa, black and hispanic are known a minority relative to the anglo saxon white majority. . in the context of my old student union, trotskysts where thought of when one heard the term minority, and in the parliament right now, republican are thought of when one hears minority, a in minority leader etc."
christmas time because that's when i get to see my son and daughter in-law ;o) they live to far away so that's the only time i get the chance to see them and it's the best time of my life. ;o) i miss them sooooooooooo much.
"i got zelda before i got the wii, lol.....make sure they don't get sold out like the wii did. i'm just waiting for the wii now."
"june and july is rainy season in japan. it is hot, but not a bad a it is in august. it is also very humid."
"boil some water first, then add the shrimp for about four minute or until they turn pink. drain and rinse with cold water. they are not supposed to be raw."
"大麻 dà má hemp; marijuana;. i hope you don't want this a a tattoo. if you are going to get a chinese tattoo, first learn the language so you know what it is you are putting on yourself"
"jesus told u to pray the ""our father"" prayer and when we come to the part where we pray ""forgive u our trespasses, a we forgive those who trespass against us""....if we are unwilling to forgive others, we will not be forgiven. thats pretty clear. we forgive not for the sake of others, but for ourselves so that we can find peace within ourselves, and know we can let go of anger, resentment, and the urge for vengence in our own hearts. we do this through prayer, asking god to give u the grace to truly forgive others and he will do that for us."
"to me, common sense is an accumulation of life experience that is shared and is common in thinking adults. i.e., violence always begets more violence or you reap what you sow... common sense always entail a certain amount of truisms. if you go out in the freezing cold without winter gear, common sense will tell you that you'll catch a cold. it's accumulated knowledge and experience and the same repeated cause and effect results."
"i am very happy being an atheist. i just follow the golden rule of doing unto others a i'd have done to me, and everything work out great.. . thanks for asking."
"buy corn tortillas. suspend a wooden dowel between two glass or some other object of equal heights. fry the tortilla in oil, remove them from the oil and place them over the wooden dowel to cool. they will take the shape of the dowel rod and you will have taco shell that will keep their shape."
"i don't even know what that is yet, but a determinism ha predestined that i should cross your path and admit my ignorance on the definition of euthyphro, while obeying the spirit of philosophy that is accepted by student across the world in many age since socrates.. washing foot or offering to wash someone's foot keep the house of repute clean of footprints, not of feet. your step are destined so i do not need to follow the dirt, and prefer not to.. can you teach me about the euthyphro? if i stop now and look it up, the computer will know..."
"and i said my father can beat up your father. . . and vader said, luke, i am your father."
retain a lawyer and go to court. hopefully the judge will recognize that the mojo belongs to you and at least give you visitation privileges.. . good luck!
"there is also the issue of critical literature. the english citizen who authored a critical book on islam had a 'hit' put on him by islamic authority and fellow englishman and islamic convert cat stevens concurred with the concept of putting that author to death for what he wrote.. . if christian put hit on writer critical of christianity, they're be a lot of dead writer in the world, but christian don't even consider doing such things!"
"publicity.. . he wa really a nasty little dweeb. not a person you would have wanted to know.. when a martyr wa of use, he wa conveniently dead."
"well educated people of all race speak alike.for example do colin powell or condalesa rice speak differently than the clintons.not really.people speak the local dialect,where ever they are,do white american in ny speak the same a thier counterpart in tex. or ca not very likely.people from the ghetto regardless of color speak the same.similiarly the citizen from the more affluent suburb speak better english.again the wealthier people speak proper english regardless of color.it's nothing to do with race but environment and wealth."
"a head of garlic is the whole bulb. when you break a piece off, that's called a clove of garlic."
"that simply refers to the fact that there are a large number of bakeries, groceries, shop and restaurant of various international cuisine along a long stretch of ninth ave. in nyc. specifically, it is a 20-block stretch from 37th to 57th streets. this is celebrated in an annual ninth avenue international food festival eacy may.. . so, no connection."
"once one decides that one person's right are more important than another person's rights, it's only one small slippery slope ride away from genocide. and i think we can all agree that genocide is a bad thing."
productivity is higher. motivating. break up the monotony of repetitive task
you would want to add many layer to your piece . so that it ha many many detail take the show prison break for example the guy ha the whole prison tated on his body with who know how many riddle in it i have counted 3 so far it add a whole other layer of intricatecy. to a story of just a bunch of guy breaking out of prision . i would do a piece on world poverity
"sort of, it mean really bad aim. another phrase is ""can't hit the broad side of a barn from the inside."""
"do you mean ""how did?"" this is the 21st century.. what is gdp?"
"it's just a day to honor the dead. for instance in my husband country if you want to honor your dead grandfather, you go to the town and find a man who resembles closest to your grandfather. you than bring him into your home and fix him your grandfather favorite dish, maybe give him a cigar if that's what your grandfather liked etc. it sound really strange, but that is their custom for the day of the dead."
"that advert is stupid . of course they are going to promote drinking a they want their sale to shoot up into the sky!. but a for the respect thing, nobody respect you when your staggering about - they just think ""what a drunk"""
"cloud are simply a condensed form of humidity. just like your car cut through fog on a very foggy day on the ground, the aircraft is designed in an aerodynamic fashion to cut through the cloud like a knife through butter"
photoshop is a good start but you may want to try illustrator because you can use your scan a template and use vector point and stroke to draw the image and adjust mistake easily by moving the points. coloring is easy and by far will be nicer due to the gradient mesh & color blends. try both and see how to take your image to a digital level.. a couple of site for tutorial below two for each.
"when we are so focused in our worldly life we lose sight of the bigger picture, that god is closer than a brother. thank you."
"omg it is the best. it thin and soft, with real cheese, soft tasty crust, and it is usually greasy. you have to try it to really know. i used to live in new york"
so basically you are asking how to rip someone off?!?!?! . . you should be ashamed of yourself!
hmm intresting u may have solved my ant problem. seriously though it probably poison to ant so they want to stay away from it.
"you can get a satellite set-up, aimed at the astra(sky platform) satellite at 28 degree east, to receive the many free channel available. a bigger dish, around, 90cm. would be needed; you just need to find a spanish installer.. the first website, below, list the free channels."
"i'd have to go existential on this one. since i'm not particularly religious, i believe that the purpose of life is to find something that fulfills you and make you believe that your life ha merit, so that when you die, you die believing in something and wearing a smile on your face. for some people, that single belief is religion; this is why i have no problem with religious people, for, just like me, they are trying to find a direction for their life to go; for others, it is artistic fulfillment; others still, it is a strong family connection. i'm not certain that we a human were divinely or spiritually ordained to exist, but whether or not we were, we must all find something that contains real significance for each of u and follow that thing until we breathe our last."
you can just leave it on the counter for 30 or 40 minute or zap it in the microwave for about 20 seconds. (my kid love those things!)
"any being who inspires you for doing that extra bit of something, aiming high, achieving what you desired for, making you smile, happy, blushed, explaining importance of life, .... is a real hero. grab that someone hand to follow along for the brightest future ahead or bring the ideology of that someone to your heart to bring a change (may be small) to this big world."
"listen, don't be offended by any remark on this forum, a people tend to be very sensitive about various topic which include religion and race.. . it's very good of you to apologize and clarify. i am sure those that were offended probably didn't understand what you were asking and made an assumption. it happens a lot on this forum."
"i would be mrs. lovett in the sondheim musical sweeney todd. she's a complex character who doe terrible thing (baking people into pies) but can still come off sympathetic when she's done well. i love that complexity. plus, she get to sing some amazing songs!"
"a shaver of some sort is usually pretty useful, or a best buy gift card would do nicely too. :)"
pork spoiled quickly back when there wa no refrigeration. ...people got sick and died.. so the religion told them how to stay healthy.. that wa the only way people got their infomation back then..
those of you who accused this joke teller of being a twat and racist read all the writing if you're able. he did say it wa a joke. also look at al v's response..... i wish you lot woul lighten up...after all let's have a laugh before the bugger blow u up.
"gaijin is the word japanese people use to identify non-japanese people. not only 'whites' are gaijin, but blacks, latinos, non-japanese asians, everyone that wasn't born in japan is a gaijin.. . it isn't used a an insult (usually) like you might use the ""n"" word in america, but to the jap it ha a ""less than japanese"" meaning."
because english people are sexier and aren't a loud or fat or gun crazy. . and look....the canadian's sitting on the fence.....i can't say i'm surprised
"- for business and international communications. - for work and work opportunities. - when travelling to other countries, chance are they can understand english"
"i trained in kenpo karate for almost 7 year and the best advice master connors gave u wa to run away, back down and show humility. it doe not matter what anybody thinks, screw the machoism, but if you know there is going to be a fight , you strike first and fight to win!"
"king, emperor, shah, sultan, and tsar are all name of the ruler of different area of the world. it ha to do with the language but not the job."
don't worry about it. live a good life and thing will take care of themselves.. . my religion say that all the good people of the earth will have a place in paradise. so-----just be a good person.
"yeah, i write story sometimes for fun and have trouble finding a website with good name in them too. most website have common name or the everyday name. try putting baby name on google."
"misunderstanding are always a two way street. go clear it up, nicely."
"it means,..that u will have happiness,..or success in whatever u do now.. . conggratulation and good luck."
"grind coffee using two revolving element to crush or tear the bean into pieces.. . if your grinder ha what look like a propeller in it, then you don't have the burr grinder."
"we all wake up dead, it's just a matter of how dead we are. some are brain dead, others are socially dead, and still others are sexually dead."
it's a delicacy and it is leaner than beef. they gey most of their horse meat from the u.s. shame on us!!!!
i think again you have developped a recent allergy to peanut. take care .
"yam are not sweet- they are bitter. sweet potato are naturally sweet & orange. however, some people call yam sweet potatoes, but technically the only sweet potatoe ""yams"" come from louisiana."
"people never combine a greek and chinese and only greek and latin, that is the main difference for many people like me. apart from that chinese is a old a greek and greek ha it origin on the western part of asian continent and chinese from the eastern region. the dialect are totallly different.. vr"
i do not know nor do i think i will ever understand how anyone can rape someone make no sense at all . . i suppose there are more psychopath in the world then we thought because a feeling person a human that is would not do such a thing
"any gift that came from your heart, he will love. the cost doesn't matter. have a happy thanksgiving!!!"
"jesus spoke in his ministry that a testimony mean more if it come from a witness. anyone can write their own biography and say whatever they like, but the fact is jesus made a point of having eyewitness to everything he did."
"ok, maybe a long shot, but santa and his elf all sporting shirt with country flags...i.e- usa, uk, mexico, canada, etc.. . or, maybe even tree decorated in one color of light and ornaments.....red, blue, white...etc.. . i hope this helps!"
we say kilojoules in au after we went metric & calorie are americian. 1200 cals = 4800kj
"well, i'm not sure what you mean by values, or in what context. but, poetically speaking, hughes believed in equality, in the value of experiences, and the importance of history (personal and otherwise)."
there wa this kid about to be born and god said do you want a boy or girl. the father said adcock.
"ha ha! my boyfriend doe the same! don't know why though. he isn't here to ask, sorry!"
"go to the start menu in windows, choose all programs-accessories- system tools- character map. then you can copy and paste the accented letter into your word processor or email. also there is a code for most accented letter you can learn from the character map. you usually have to hold the control key while you push the sequence of numbers."
you don't have to register anything online. they just want you to do it so they can send you bullshit in the mail and in your e-mail.
"you can simply stare at a flashlight or any intense light for that matter for a few second which should cause your iris to get smaller and thus be le sensitive to light, this will also prevent red-eye if the flash they are using is on-axis lighting. of course when i say any intense light i don't mean stare at the sun, or a 10,000,000 candlepower search light."
"i hope you will not be disappointed from my comment to your question.. . i believe that our brain are universal a a hardware, since all may use the same drug for their headache.. software-wise (impressions and experiences, ...) may differ but all may recognize each other sorrows, fears, and happiness.. same psychiatris may heal problem based on whatever the experience are."
i think they would be shocked and horrified. they would never have approved of such a thing and would consider it some sort of blasphemy. to do such a ling would be to interefere with the body's soul in the afterlife.
"ecuador ha had a long history of currency devaluation and hyper-inflationary periods. by adopting the dollar a it currency, it instantaneously solves the problem of not having any monetary credibility. it ha a lot of advantage for a country like ecuador but there are also a lot of disadvantage such a 0 monetary flexibility."
"focus on what's being said instead of drifting off or formulating what you're going to say in response. active listening is when you genuinely hear and synthesize, digest, and process what's being said. it take a bit of discipline and training, but it's do-able and worth it."
we have fruitivore ancestry. color vision is quite an adaptive advantage in perceiving the ripest fruit. even a slight adaptive advantage( a little a 1% coefficient of fitness advantage ) would allow some to out compete others and leave more decedents.
"well it kinda the agentic shift, passing the blame onto someone else. for example, the genocide in rwanda, the people who carried it out said they were only following orders. it human nature to blame someone or something else for one own mistakes, after all even subconscioulsy we all think we are perfect in certain ways, and if we make a mistake, we arent perfect, but it good to blame some one else for what ha happened that make un inperfect, a we seek to become the best"
i like it - but you would need to expand on it. the fact is child are major consumer these day and parent are driven by what is in with children. you would need to look at how you could promote it but yetti spaghetti ha potential. don't listen the knocker - just take a chance and have faith in your ideas.
use the recipe on the toll chocolate chip morsels. undercook them a little-take them out when still soft in the oven. place pan on a wire tray.
"a patriot is somebody who love his country. . therefore the country of this patriot is by definition the best of the world.. therefore, the other country must be worst.. a the other country patriot doe think that their country are the best in the world also; there is a unsolvable misunderstanding which usually finish into war."
"""ich vermisse dich"" is alright.. ""du fehlst mir."" is another option, always presuming that the missing subject of your sentence is ""i"".. ""wir vermissen dich."", oder ""du fehlst uns."", if it is ""we"""
"i love easter but there's just no substitute for christmas. the holiday cheer that suffuses everything is the greatest, the music, the decorations, people get sick of it but i love it the same every year--as long a they don't start earlier than halloween i'm good!"
"suggest you contact "" those in the know "" directly rather than asking here. go to the local masonic lodge and find out for yourself and in person a there are many here who have wrong information. if a local lodge is not available go to the grand lodge site of the state you reside in."
"b.f.skinner reinforcement and punishment mean maladjustment in several ways:. reinforcement- antisocial behaviors, for example giving extra attention to the student who is disruptive in class.. . punishment- prosocial behaviors, for example punishing a child for truthfully confessing to an accident, like breaking a dish or spilling milk."
i don't believe. science prof god is not real.
to keep them away from light which will cause the color to fade.. . coach
to allow steam to release. the lid that have multiple hole are for draining the water after cooking (pasta) so you don't have to deal with the hot steam when transfering the item to a strainer.
"""dick"" is a shortening of the first name ""richard"", but a ""dick"" is also a slang word for a penis, so ""dicky"" is a bit sexually suggestive.. a ""wench"" is an old-fashioned word for a young woman (often used in history books!) but is also used now a a rather insulting term for women. i'm guessing that ""plays with the wenches"" is also a sexually suggestive idea!"
"the life of fictional character live on in the human imagination. if you can blame walt disney for killing bambi's mother, you can blame humanity for putting that apple in eve's mouth. we're the one who did it, after all..."
"the holy spirit wa present at jesus' birth, baptism, ministry, and resurrection. a a perfect example for us, jesus lived in dependence on the holy spirit."
"oh, just read it. it's short. (and fantastic, but that's just my opinion.)"
"i know that during the korean war some commander would send the black soldier on more dangerous missions. beyond that, i don't know much aout it...."
"yes 18 year old in the u.k to drink, but always carry i.d co the pub are kind of funny sometimes am 20 and dont get served with out i.d but then again i look quite young for my age. . london is quite expensive for drinking there and the club are pretty expensive to, if she is in the u.k then she should travel about a couple of weekend it much cheaper in the like of manchester, liverpool, newcastle, ... you get my drift.. oh and if she is in the u.k although it is england she will be in going up to scotland is worth it...not that am biased but it great tell her to visit glasgow. xx"
"back in the hippy days, pot wa kept in glass jar a lot of the time. a lid wa literally how much would fit into the lid of the jar. it doe not necessarily mean an ounce."
"like the word ""chow"". . a in you chow down."
"basically mexican are from mexico. latino generally represents people from south america. you know - brazil, portugal, chile etc."
dont talk to me a if i know nothing or do not know what you are talking about.. . basically it talking to someone a though they were not capable of comprehending what you are saying.
"""belly"" dancing is an art form mistakenly thought by many in the west to be blatantly sexual. it is not, and it take a great deal of strength and skill to perform correctly.. . there is le sex involved than in what western girl are allowed to wear to school."
"if you are speaking of cattle then it's advantage is to keep track of your stock.. . if in advertistin a brand serf to create association and expectation among product made by a producer. a brand often includes an explicit logo, fonts, color schemes, symbols, sound which may be developed to represent implicit values, ideas, and even personality.. the brand, and ""branding"" and brand equity have become increasingly important component of culture and the economy, now being described a ""cultural accessory and personal philosophies""."
u can find out from the parry bus depot. all 18 and 60 series bus go to nandanam. but look out for bus with white board (not yellow) coz only these will halt at nandanam.
"you might be under stress and just want to have some fun. could be any number of thing that put the idea in your head. drink safely and don't drink and drive. i would guess that you don't need a lot to get trashed, so don't over do it."
"they are good at immediate disaster response, and providing short term emergency shelter and food. they are not skilled at long term resolution of problem for people in need, but they have a great publicity team and therefore get ton of money dumped in their lap. they don't share it either. there are a lot of organizations, including community action agencies, who provide emergency assistance but also long term help to people in need, but they don't get the 15 minute of fame that red cross gets, so red cross get the bulk of the donations."
"take the 5 train from 225 or 233 street downtown to 125th street, then transfer to an uptown 6 train to 3rd ave and 138th street. then walk 1 & 1/2 block"
"i can see where the confusion arises, since bc stand for before christ and ad stands, not for after death, but for anno domini - in the year of our lord. there's no gap, ad start when jesus wa born. most christian country use ad but there are different abbreviation of bc - in german it's v. ch which mean vor christ - before christ."
art is an expression of self; of one's emotion. it is also a language...looking through art at various era through time give u a window into the past. i love art - it's my release. the way that the pigment blend and shapes...catches the light and creates a world of imagination...
idi amin lived to be an old man. he died in exile in saudi arabia in 2003 at the age of 80.
"well, if you really want to experience a hangover, mix your booze when you drink. mix any 2 hard liquor (ie drink tequila shot and vodka-cranberrys, or rum-and-coke and whiskey sours) and you will be cursing life the next morning."
"omg who told u so?. 90%!!! that is totally wrong. the percentage in egypt is very low and only existing in rural areas, we're expecting it to completely vanish soon.. i dont have a proof of that, but i'm an egyptian and we know about that.. we are muslim and islam religion order u to perform these surgery to boy only, not girls.. almost 100% of boy undergo the surgery.. but the female surgery is a sign of ignorance and thats why we have many awareness campaign in the medium to convince the small number of people who still do that."
never heard of a ''a round of toast'' before !!
silly question. people are punished for all kind of unjust reasons. it's like asking why do bad thing happen to good people or something.
it's a good way to distribute the wealth of any nation. because we can have a benchmark for social economic distribution based on population expansions.
"i'd like to read more about this give a source. . i have friend in cosmology i can ask about it, i doubt anyone want to change the name of any planet."
think about all the colored food you eat daily and what come out of you. hmmmmmmm
"you are allowed a many emotion a you want to have. there is nothing wrong with expressing emotion in an honest communicating manner. there are some out there who are trying to change the cultural norm and you can join us. be yourself, be honest."
"men are also rape victim but woman report it more often than men. men are known to be strong and don't want to admit that they were overpowered and taken advantage of...that's what rape is. more woman than men are raped but very few woman report it and a lot le men but it ha nothing to do with gender..rape occurs regardless of age, sex, income, color, religion, etc"
the following website explains the pagan origin of easter and how they mixed with christian belief over time. . . hope it helps.
"it is easier to package it in packet in your happy meal or whatever. more people get ketchup than bbq. container cost more, and thus drive up the price."
"when you intend to find an answer to your confusion and doubts.. in a mere belief that there is divinity of omnipotence beyond u and speak in a universal language telling to the reason you had to made and had to take then want something to be done and hoping for a said predicted blessing or miracle to come along. to the religious... may it be of goodness or for punishment or for unto his will.. it a state of mind searching for unity in a spiritual aspect, so it up to the mind longingness, so he prays to the depth of beyond and unexplainable connectivity."
"legally, none, since you can sell yours labeled whichever way you want. but cider is usually not filtered to take out the apple sludge, where juice is. also, cider is pasteurized now, when it didn't used to be. now you can't sell unpasteurized cider any more than you can sell raw milk, it's too dangerous for little people and old people."
it's going to be a really long journey - several day - and it will be very expensive. you're much better off flying.
well it like slang talking....yes it like possesion....you my man would mean like my friend....its like a nickname between friends!!
because you are eating/drinking it too fast. slow down and you will be fine.
because maybe you are.. . some of u are born 'special'. yes more special than others. do you have a gift?
take the lirr. take the 7 to time square and hop on the lirr and head out through there.
"depends on what type of wine. but usually the key ingredient is yeast. but be careful when getting the yeast, because not all yeast are the same.. . wine yeast, ha the enzyme ""zymase"" in it, which allows it to break down glucose into ethanol and carbon dioxide."
we can't. they are all one and the same.
abu dhai doe not have a postal code . but it doe have a telephone code i.e. 00 97 12 xxxxxxx
"you don't need to boil them. they are good braised in a brown sauce. prepare a seasoned flour mixture with salt, pepper and garlic and coat the rib and brown in a frying pan...olive oil or canola oil is best for this. when browned place in a baking dish and cover with a brown gravy cover with foil and bake at 350 degree for 1 1/2 hour and check for tenderness."
"i know what you mean, if you were to actually believe the bible, no one would want to be in the present of an angel. in the bible it wa very rare for an angel to be on earth for any good purpose, most of the time they are there to deal out punishment."
"nationalism is a sense of national consciousness based on awareness of being part of a community - a ""nation"" - that ha common institutions, traditions, language, and custom and that becomes the focus of the individual immortality.. . imperialism is the policy of extending on nation's power either by conquest of by establishing direct or indirect economic or cultural authority over another. generally driven by economic self-interest, it can also be motivated by a sincere (if often misguided) sense of moral obligation."
"not only our mind but all of you interacts with nature all the time. you have no choice. so this is a squirrelly question that you were given. but, i think the answer is - science."
"if you want a better smoother tasting canadian rye whiskey, try crown royal or canadian club.. . i am a jack daniel fan, that is my wish to be buried on the property after i have gone to the great distillery in the sky, i like both black label and green, and gentleman jack the premium stuff is pretty good to."
take the image which you want to silk screen and put it on a light box or hold it up against a window. trace off the image (the simpler the better). using a scalpel cut out the area which you want to print - the 'positive' area - these are the area where the ink will go.. . hope that's enough information.
"she probably won't understand quite clearily of the meaning in the gayness of being gay but u should tell her around 12....otherwise she will go tell everyone at school and her friend will prohibit her from being good close friend and they will refer to her a ""weird"". do your child a favor...and wait till she is older."
"take 79 south, then east on 70 at washington for about 5 miles, then continue down 79 south. it is only a little over an hour."
"the beatles tribute band called ""the british invasion"" have regular performance at epcot at the world showcase pavillion between 11am and 9pm. you will have to take a look at the brochure that you will recieve when you arrive at the park for the actual times. they play several time during the day. i do not believe the schedule time are the same each day."
"on the boat trip: adverse wind held the ship at sea for an additional 6 week seriously depleting their supplies. 45 men died during the 4 1/2 month voyage. the survivor finally landed in may 1607, having left england in december 1606."
"you usually see either ""light tuna"" or albacore on the can. light tuna is a smaller fish, albacore is larger. albacore may get a higher price, but a a larger fish it usually ha a bit more mercury."
"i don't think we do enough in this day and age.i like to get on yahoo r&s catregory to answer questions.i think i am able to talk about jesus to others without scaring them away. i do not judge, i do not speak of hellfire and damnation. and i can listen to someone elses' point of view."
"nicotine addict right end at the tip of my nose. if they don't like it, to bad. no one should be forced to share a smoker rude and deadly habit, especially child and the elderly, who don't normally stand up for themselves."
this is a group of individual who preach islam to the people.. tabliq mean to preach. jamat mean a group
"i dont think it easy to forgivr... or forget and i think deep down people never really do...... . i think people learn how to push it to oneside, hide it under a whole bunch of stuff. it always pop it head up again but u bury it and then other thing get buried on top of it and the one underneath seem le important or dont hurt a much, thats my opinion.! :-)"
"the almost six million jewish people who were annihilated in the holocaust, which the nazi euphemistically called ""the final solution,"" would have lived, had families, and contributed to the world economy and field of knowledge.. . many jewish financiers, scientists, and other professional fled to the united states, thus enriching our nation.. . s"
"""them"" and ""there""? (supposedly ""their"") refer to ancient israelites. christianity wa the turning point of ""them"" people who were influenced by paganism and idolatry at the time. roman conquest wa no different than the time of alexander the great."
"coca cola used santa in ther advertising back in the 20's and 30's....i'm sure you've seen them.... anyway, coke dressed him in the company color and it stuck.... . no thumb down people...this is a fact!"
no the people in power were responsible. they are called politician and armed force idiots. the common man is just a pawn in the big picture
1. by listing others who have better accent.. 2. by speaking a much a possible and keep a close watch on your accent.
try to sublimate that energy towards something productive. i have a hard time doing this myself and sometimes invest energy in people who just don't give a f***.
"they refer to the relative salience of stimulus that are presented in a sequence. if you are given a long list of word to memorize, you tend to remember the word at the beginning of the list and the end of the list, while memory is worst for word in the middle of the list. the primacy effect refers to increase recall of stimulus that are presented early in the sequence (due to le information being present to overload short-term memory). the recency effect refers to the tendency to remember stimulus at the end of the sequence."
"when you have to be the nagger, or when you're the one being nagged? either one is annoying. it's annoying to be forced to be a nagger when something need to be done and you have to ask repeatedly for that to happen. it's annoying being nagged because you've already been told to do something, and you will, just not this second, so shut up about it."
"well, i suppose in the most basic of terms, ""good"" is what is beneficial and helpful to the object of the action (it is ""good"" of me to pet my dog, a he like it). ""evil"" would then have to be the opposite of that, the absence of good; what is harmful to the object of the action (it is ""evil"" of me to hit my dog, a that would hurt him). those are, i think, the absolutely most simple definitions."
aren't you supposed to love everyone? what reason would you have to hate them????
there is no zip code. that's american. in canada there is postal code and it varies within area of toronto (or suburbs). consult the canada post website.
"like your first answer, the roman are pretty much known for following the greek style of architecture, sculpture, etc. - although they did accomplish some architectural and engineering feat beyond what the greek had done."
"i think the look you're going for is fan-shaped. to achieve, lay the napkin flat, taking one edge (assuming it's a square you're working with), fold back and forth until the entire napkin is like an tightly coiled acordian. then, fold the napkin in half, and place about a fourth of the napkin through the ring, leaving the rest to fan out. viola!"
"the holiday is called hanukkah meaning ""dedication"" because it mark the re-dedication of the temple after it desecration under antiochus iv. spiritually, hanukkah commemorates the miracle of the oil. according to the talmud, at the re-dedication of the temple in jerusalem following the victory of the maccabees over the seleucid empire, there wa only enough consecrated olive oil to fuel the eternal flame in the temple for one day. miraculously, the oil burned for eight day - which wa the length of time it took to press, prepare and consecrate new oil."
"because of the clinton-gore administration,the chinese stole 7 design not one.(1) w-56 minuteman 2,(2)w-62 minuteman 3,(3)w-70 lance,(4)w-76 trident c-4 missile warhead,(5)w-78 minuteman 3 mark 12a,(6)w-87 peacekeeper,(7)w-88 trident submarine d-5 missile warhead."
"they let you use the computer in detention? lucky, lol. well, answer a bunch of question then i guess."
"flour your hand and board. roll it out and stretch it. insert stuffing, fold and pleat and place on baking sheet."
first off for the people who think southern comfort is a whiskey need to read the bottle a little more carefully...it is the same a yukon jack a liquer not a whiskey. i am a huge burbon drinker and a member of the brotherhood of burbon and kentucky burbon circle. the only way i will ever drink my burbon is in a rock glass with no ice and at room temperature. a far a my favorite burbons go that would have to be jim beam and his 5 brothers.
what are you planning on doing if you think you are going to get fined? the best policy is don't break the law!
"this is the way i think of it.. . god (or some other divine power, deity, or group of deities, be that god and goddesses, allah, the force, or what have you) ha already laid out the choice you will make in life. he/she/they/it have created a road map, of sorts, that extends in million upon million of different way with different twist and different ends.. . they give you the map, and you decide which way you want to go."
good question. i though the mav one wa so cute. :)
try your local public library. a lot of library these day subscribe to electronic collection that allow you to download book to read for a timed period... just like loans.
opposite attract.though i am not sure what you mean by 'colour'.do you mean attraction to a different ethnicity a your own?many people have developed beyond ethnic boundary and see other ethnicity's no different then their own.some are into other ethnicity's for stereotypical reasons.. . but i am not sure that is what you meant.
the same way you would in any oven. you allow the amount of time that it state on the turkey packaging and cook it at the temp it suggests.
"i don't know why you are asking this, and i have only seen this term a couple of times, without giving it much thought.. . lamarckianism, a i understand it (allthough i have never read lamarck), is basically the idea that change in human or animal (such a structural change in a limb, for instance), are passed on to their offspring. a far a i know, this hypothesis/theory ha been disproven, allthough it did influence darwin.. . several people have suggested that this form of 'evolution' can be applied to cultural phenomenon (peter medawar,1959;conrad waddington,1961)."
the name of my neigbours dog. should i move?
"sorry, thats private information. actually a lot of time the airline only ha a name and no contact information."
"all pulses, with the exception of soy beans, have essentially the same nutritional value. . they are high protein, high folacin, low sodium, high potassium, high iron, and high fiber."
they have the use of a vacation villa for approximately fifteen day in a year. they can choose vacation from anywhere in the united state or the caribbean usually when it is off season.
"i don't believe the philippine could celebrate a ""thanksgiving"" like the us. if i remember correctly, thanksgiving is a declared holiday to commemorate the feast and celebration between the early pilgrim or explorer of north america and the native indian that were originally here. it wouldn't make sense for the philippine to copy that holiday a well unless there wa ever a similar feast or celebration recorded in philippine history."
the only sex that's forbidden is the following. . 1- anal sex.. 2- sex during the menstrual period.. 3- sex right after giving birth.. 4 sex during fasting.. . a far a position do it however you and your spouse desire.. peace.
"if he built them an ark they would only be able to get in two by two, which would take a heck of a long time. and it would leave a multitude of egyptian undrown."
"sociology ha helped in understading suicide becuase it explains how group view it. people are detered from suicide sometimes by the fact of not wanting to be disgraced. others live among people who don't view it a wrong or shameful so they are not detered by how it will affect them socially- rather they live and are treated badly after or die and have their memory disrespected. a always psyc give the personal and mental reasoning, sociology give the group/community perspective, and anthroplogy give the cultural perspective."
"...so people are ""idiots and can't transliterate..."" say no more !^ ^ ^. however, i think the answer to this is that it wa always done that way in the past, so now it's become a ""tradition""."
"depends on the society and the portrayal of the act, which show whether the revenge wa established. in the count of monte cristo, dante is shown by the author to have a great reason for revenge, a long a he didn't become a bad a the people who hurt him, a he almost hurt two people who had nothing to do with the crime against him. i guess revenge is ok a long a the avenger doesn't become a heartless and merciless a those who hurt him."
can't it be both?. . love and blessing don
"if their attitude is that, which you described, then try taking them down a peg or two. if you make them feel stupid or inferior, chance are, they won't like it and stay away from you. worse case scenario is, they will get angry and avoid you all together after wards. good luck."
"can be pretty cold. if you are visiting, bring, warm coat, gloves, hat, scarf, and boot in case it snows."
"it's rediculous to censor your hug for other people. it's also rediculous to measure how close to someone you are when you hug them and how much of them you touch. if you want to hug someone, just do it."
"christianity ha a long history of converting people ""by the sword"". just because they've decided in recent year that talking people to death is a better way to convert them doesn't mean that they don't have a long and violent history. a for user of this line seeming content with accepting that any and all muslim are terrorists, it's been my observation that most of the people who use this line are incredibly narrow-minded and blind to anything beyond what they believe, so are you really surprised that they'd rather stereotype all muslim than hear an honest depiction of another religion?"
"you will need a serated bread knife. you can not cube bread without it. just stack the slice and cut lengthwise and widthwise, and there you'll have your cubes. again, if you don't have the proper tools, it won't work."
"3 words, guns, steel and dieases.. . if it wasn't for those 3 factors, they could have never colonize the americas, india, africa, french indo china, part of china and other places.. . ironic isn't it, science gave religion power and now religion doesn't want science around because science is slowly freeing people."
"seems that there is not realy any ""seriously bad"" thing wrong with drinking diet coke. check out this web site here."
every part of the bible is to be messed with. great fiction.
"something tell me the answer must be yellow, but i can't think how i guessed!. and how silly of yahoo to allow this sort of thing to continue!"
"how to impre$$ a university girl.. . steady income, sense of humor, respect and good manners.. . if you're a jock, you just want the dumb ones, so just keep doing jock things, brag, spit, be loud."
you can use the metro which is quick and easy or you can purchase ticket for the open top bus tour which run in the city. you can take a tour and hop on and off for two consecutive days. there are taxi but they can be expensive to use all of the time. if you plan to drive there are excellent underground parking facility at notre dame and le carousel de louvre.
i totally agree whats the point in being a lessa if you fancy a bit cock. whats wrong with these woman are finger and tongue not enough now. i think there are alot of confused people in the world today.
no - not a psychopath. he is a christian - that is what they do.
"the first thing that come to mind when you say impose rule are the threat of consequence and scare tactics. ""impose"" is the key word there.. . let me know how it work for ya. ;)"
2 minute 40 second for me . . it probably depends on the popcorn and the microwave.
"""four-letter words"" a you call them are used by authors, poets, playwright and other writer because they are strong word with strong emotional impact. a a poet, i would feel insulted if there were certain word that i could not use just because they might offend someone. i, and most writers, write to express ourselves, not to please an audience. if you are offended by a piece of writing, then it obviously isn't meant for you, but for tho ewho can see the word a more than obscene and forbiddian wish to enjoy the power those word posses."
"unfortunately since everyone's idea of good enough is different, you may never be good enough for some. others will think that you've always been good enough. the importing thing is whether or not you believe that you are good enough. once someone build enough confidence and security, what others have to say about him or her won't matter."
"to pas on my gene to the next generation -- done that. to add a bit to the store of the world's knowledge -- working on that. carl sagan said: if you want your life to have significance, do something significant."
well these answer are the poilitcal answer the military answer wa targeting issue weather related and so on. the japanese empire refused to believe that one bomb did all of that damage. and the bomb wa used despite protestes by the military who supported an invasion of mainland japan. but the japanese surrendered only when the russian decided to invade the korean pensunila the bomb helped but the russian turning on the japanese is what ended the war.
"for business, red mean you are in debt, black mean you have a profit. today is usually when a business make it's first profit in the year"
every baptist church is a little different because they are congregational in their governments. each should have it own constitution & bylaws. you'll have to check that document to see how the finance committee is set up in your church.
"i couldn't sleep, so i have been up since 2am. it's now 4:40am."
"i live in south jerseu, and i have some yardwork that need to be done. hard work build character!"
"well brining tenderizes the meat and add flavor it also kill , not all, the bacteria.... it doe make a big difference.. it all depends on what you make. i brined chicken wing last week. with water,salt and lot of garlic... wa delicious"
"of couirse, you're assuming that god gave these orders, and any of it really happened. however, at that time, that is what happened when one counrty lost a war. all men were killed, and all woman were assimilated into the winning culture."
"it an italian word ""dilettare"" from latin ""delectare"" to enjoy, and originally meant that something wa done not out of the necessity to make a living, but for the achievement of something worthwile and enjoyable.. in modern usage it ha come to mean unprofessional work or workmanship, done without the proper knowledge of the craft involved."
hell itself is a grave. apparently you have fallen for some false teaching yourself. hell is to be cast into the lake of fire.so why have you beleved in false teaching?
"""le laissez-cours"" mean to let the thing go the way there meant (supposed) to be, another french expression for it, that we hear more often is ""qué sera, sera"". . laissez cours à votre imagination: leave your imagination run"
"if tragedy never happened in one life, then one wouldn't treasure the happiness.. . if tragedy never happened in our life, then people might neglect the beauty of life."
"some would point to an object or person and say what it wa in english...say a rock. the native would then say what it wa in their native language. also a stated above and according to the mayflower show on history channel right now, some already knew english from previous encounter with english speaking people."
"you're right, woman do discriminate against men. i don't know why they think they are equally a skilled when it obvious they aren't."
because everyone ha the christmas spirit and they like to do good thing for others.. . coach
that's a ten in my book. my whole family liked that one.........thanks for the joke. i really needed a good laugh.
"dude! your dog is using your yahoo answer login, and he is eating your couch!!!"
"am sure some folk at that time must have tried it ...might be the reason too it got extinguished .... what it tasted like ?? my guess only...probably been used a a sleeping aid in some kind of tartare sauce !:-). . wonder if some folk actually ate some ""real"" hot dog - 90% sure about this one - before the rubbish we now have today..:-)"
"the overall problem i see is that parable are often used to teach a moral point of view.. . when christianity became a religion, they had to adjust these story (as wa done with the early christian writers) in order to enforce their moral point of view at the expense of others (hence the poor hindu ""burning in hell"". . personally, i think all religion are nuts..."
he owns necker island in the british virgin islands. check the website for an address and an email address.
i'm kissing you on the nose my sweet lil girl. for sure!
because those thought are rational and suicide is never commited by a person in a rational frame of mind. death seems the only way out. they are sadly mistaken but it seems that way to them.
when i wa bullied at school i found it really helped to write down my feeling in a diary. i would talk about my day and also my feeling about the people who hurt me. now that i have leaved school i dont need it and even now when i look back i see how much anger and saddness went in there but now im over it and dont need a diary. try it and i think it might help.
i wanna know how you get someone banned? lol
"first you have to study and understand what theater is. i recommend the book history of the theater by oscar brocket. also you should read antonin artaud, grotoski, stanislaski among others. svoboda is a lightinig designer that ha made remarkable designs."
yes it means: i love you a lot or i love you (so) much. . volim te mean i love you and puno mean a lot/much.
she wa probably illiterate. she didn't exactly come from a rich family and likely had limited or no education. in those day only the upper class knew how to read and/or write.
"did you use the right kind of flour? if you use plain flour you'll be needing to add some baking soda or powder. if you are american i think you call plain flour something else though.. once the cake is in the oven, make sure you don't open the door until it ha risen. keep practising it'll improve it time."
"traditionally miss should be used to descibe an un-married female, mr for a married lady and m for a no-longer married lady.. . the best advice is to ask the person how they would like to be addressed.. . i usually do not bother with miss, mrs, ms, mr or master, but will put dr, the rt. hon, etc."
here in canadia we have school to you no! your a dumass. do you kno what your talkeen aboot?
any idea or theory that doe not support a particular thought system is seen a an attack on it by those who follow it.. . love and blessing don
"struggle are usually political movement for a better life by oppressed groups. for example, the african american struggled for equality a have many oppressed groups. struggle is just a name for the experience of overcoming oppresssion."
"it is not an art. it is a *practice*. just like medicine.. . this mean that, while it is *based* in science.....much of it ha to do with experience, learned-skills and interpretation of findings."
"the heat from a microwave is very localized. it need to sit for a couple minute for it to travel evenly through the food. otherwise, you'll have food that's cool in spot and overly hot in others.. . btw, if it's liquid, be sure to stir it before you sip it."
"because people dont believe in there inner power.. . the more we expand our capacity to give and receive trust, love and joy, the more fulfilled we become and the better we feel. the more experienced we become in creating that sense of well-being, the more it becomes our natural state."
"i love the movie... it validated the fact that i wa indeed not crazy, and made me feel connected to the one who have the same ideas.. i wish you well"
"i think, if something can be comfortably handled in the hands, and that is the easiest way to do it, then it is ok. . . that is a rule with chicken, a far a i know. i can't see why quail would or should be any different."
we need to satisfy our imagination and nourish it with pleasant thing or sometimes not so pleasant. we all want to escape to that utopian island and live the life the way we want and the way it satisfies our needs. it is a sense of escaping the reality and live in a new world.
"chuck norris ha brown, blue and green eye and can change them wthout a thought.. . chuck norris is also the only man to be born white, native american, pacific islander, african american and asian, all simultaneously"
i don't celebrate christmas.. i'm jewish!. happy hanukkah!!!!. (december 15 - 23)
"many father of the constitution did not believe in paper money if it di not had the equivalent in gold or silver in a vault. hamilton suggested a national bank and the currency would be backed up by the vigor of the economy, just like today. jefferson only believed in agrairian activity."
"black friday is the day after thanksgiving. when people go crazy for holiday shopping. it called black friday, because the sale go through the roof for retailers. it on some document where it hit the black mark, hence the name black friday."
"keep the rebel flag.. . liberal dont like it becuase they feel insulted, for whatever reason. either that or it trendy for them to be anti, complaining wimps. if it a race thing, non-blacks dont say a thing to black power groups...they let them do what they please."
the bible is a load of crap. any sane person would know that.
"because of the flaw in the religion itself. if i say any more, i will get another false violation report from a religious nut. then my answer will be removed by yahoo."
"smudging is a traditional ritual from the native people of both north and south america. to smudge is to purify with smoke from specific sacred plant and herbs. certain plant are held in high esteem and are used for cleansing, purifying and bringing positive influence into your space. the herb are lit, the flame is gently blown out, and a the smoke arises a feather is often used to move the smoke around the room or person."
"well the bra size is measured by the circum. around the front and back under arm pit and the cup is decided by bra company that ha but letter to cup size a, b, c, d, e ,f which represent smallest, smaller, small, big, bigger, biggest, huge and damn f**ken biggest!"
both ok but 'how's it going?' - sound better
"northern ireland is not under the united kingdom, it is part of the united kingdom (of britain and n. ireland).. . because historically that is the case. the republic of ireland (eire) broke away but ulster remained. it is the wish of the majority of the resident that it should be so."
"for the economy - get rid of the power of the trade unions; open up the housing market to nearly-free working (previously there were rent controls), genrally reduce bureaucracy and make britain competitive.. . for woman inequality -- bug*er all. imo."
"cuba and north korea and libya are still marxist non-market economies, but all three will transition when the present great leader dy or retires.. . china and the ussr abandoned their quest because it is unattainable."
"google the name of your city and ""auditions"". i bet you find something. i live near dallas, and there is a terrific, free website that list local auditions."
"the drink driving/excessive drinking advert are really impressive. when a new one come out, you think it can't get more hard-hitting, until the next one. they never fail to bring home the devastation caused by drink driving/excessive drinking. i would take my hat off (if i had one) to the people who take the fact and turn them into an advert which may save at least one person's life - good on them!"
"in 1801 josiah bent began a baking operation in milton, massachusetts, selling ""water crackers"" or biscuit made of flour and water that would not deteriorate during long sea voyage from the port of boston. the crackling sound occurred during baking, hence the name. this is where the american term ""cracker"" originated."
"they do care about you, please be patient, you said you´re fairly responsible, but these time aren´t very safed a before, your parent may trust you, but they don´t trust others, put yourself in the place of them and try to understand them, 16 is a sweet age but you are still too young, they do love you and they know what they do. . bye."
"it wa a reaction against the cluttered gothic style prevalent at the time. essentially it wa uncluttered and functional and offered new opportunity in the use of basic materials( metal, wood etc..) look under gropius and bauhaus in mywebsearch and you will get good and varied information to pad out your project."
i think he's the victim of someone looking for attention. however i wouldn't be surprised if there is some truth to it.
"have ya tried sitting him down and telling him the truth ? about how you feel about him ,etc.. and discus honestly and openly what went wrong in the past with your relationship with him ...what you like to see different if you two are to have another relationship together ..."
"empathy, etc evolved from social animal characteristics. some call it morals."
pineapple a well a all fruit is fine for kid but remember that fruit make bowl loose. so if you have toddler in pampers make sure you don't give em too much. bye.
it came from chinese. sio is a chinese word which mean hot. and pao mean bun.. so it a hot bun
"it really a tax collector. when your attention doesnt pay he come and arrest your attention for not paying attention.. . let this be a life lesson for you, always pay attention."
"you will get a 6 month entry ban to the uae, if you work in a sensitive business like jewellery trading, & if your empolyer file a case you may be even put behind bars.... . yes, another employer can hire you but only if the ban expires.."
a code on a coupon or gift card that is unique to obtain money or product. . . example: the number on a gift card
"if you work hard, you'll achieve your goal (something like that). basically, people who work hard can make their way to the top"
"put it a food processor. if you don't have one, put it in a blender and pulse it for a few seconds."
"when it's nasty, the victim can end up being denied opportunity which may have given them a better life. a rumor that someone is a drug addict could keep them from getting a certain job. if you lie and say someone is abusive they may have trouble getting a date or even lose their children. they can unfairly destroy someone life."
"the dark skin come from a compound called melanin and it is a sort of built in sun screen. black are very rarely known to suffer from skin cancer but could potentially suffer from vitaimin d deficiency without direct contact with sunlight in an an area with very little sunlight like black sailor on a submarine, black in arctic climate where the day are very short and majority of time is spent indoors because of the climate. melanin historically ha protected the people from damage from the sun rays."
"bad choice need to be reported, but it should be done because it wa the right thing to do, not for fun or to get the person in trouble. i think some of these ""tattle-tales"" become the way they are because they have no friends. if we can treat all our fellow men with love and respect, these people could possibly go extinct."
"research ha shown that where controller remain ‘in position’ for more than two hour even at low traffic levels, performance can deteriorate rapidly. many national regulation therefore feature a two-hour limit on time spent controlling without a break, in addition to control on length of shifts, number of night shift done consecutively, length of time off required between shifts, etc."
ashoka the great. click below for the whole story.
"you have to get professional photo taken and then take her to an agent and asked to be repped. most likely the agent will tell her to take acting classes, but at least she'll be in the system."
"i think it is the ability to think of new way to do things.. being able to find a new way to fight disease, draw a picture of emotions, write a story never written before, make a new musical instrument,.... . also a child who can find a way to do thing without being taught how to do them, if they can take the thing that they know how to do and from that figure out how to do other things."
because a cheerleader ha no brain and doesn't register that they cannot be a dancer. maybe somday som brave hero wil go out into cheerleader-world and kill off al the cheerleader
"because, according to the imams, woman are the ""tools of satan,"" leading men astray. of course they need to be covered from head to toe - anything else might cause a man to sin! causing a man to sin is a much bigger sin than the man actually sinning - which is why when a woman cause a man to sin, you can just stone her to death (or burn her)."
because it is easier to delete anything that anyone complains about than trying to make a decision in each case. if they tried to decide on each case inevitably people would be upset about some decision so it is simpler to have the question or comment removed on any complaint.
"think about it, idaho's population isn't a diverse for one, so there are very few if any black woman competing for miss idaho. second of all, idaho doesn't have a high population so the odds of miss idaho winning miss america, black or white, is minimal. i don't believe there ha even been a white miss america from idaho."
"well, the way i understand the connotation of the words, a person can be a respected authority without being elitist, in the sense that being elitist mean favoring the elite, their interest or opinion or abilities. a respected authority may give opinion or judgment that equally respect and affirms those who are not in position of power or prestige. perhaps that is also the source of the respect that people accord them."
"don't kow about you...... . i like smoking because it taste good, help me pas time, i'm addicted to it (kinda circular) and because it piss other people off."
"quabalah or cabalah or kaballah (however you wanna spell it) is a belief system that originated with the ancient hebrews. there is so much involved in this system that it is impossible to give an adequate description here. but if you are interested, try looking up ""tree of life"" and ""the bible code."""
because we are so good at doing other thing !!!
at wal mart they could have some kind of liquid in the gardening section that you add to your water once a week that keep your tree alive longer. i forget what it's called but if you talk to an employee in that section i'm sure they could help you if you describe it.. i hope i wa of some help to you.
"you want me to tell you how to break the law? no comprende, senora"
it is because the temperature isnt hot enough or something is wrong with the oven. so either leave them in longer or turn up the heat.
"caffeine is an ingredient. it's found in leaves, seed or fruit in over 63 plants."
a is often the case this forum is hijacked by small minded bigot who would never have the courage to say publicly what the write on the site. his approach is symptomatic of a person suffering from an inferiority complex with paranoid overtone
a hold-up?of course duh! ====jk==== ok first of all just ask?
"hahahahaha! why, there's no restriction a to what kind of music you should listen to, well, supposedly."
"i don't know about the game, but on the real oregon trail if you did not bury your dead the native american would desecrate the bodies. often the settler would actually bury their dead on the trail itself and then run over the spot with the wagons, animal and walker just so that they would remain undesturbed. it probably actually helped both people a handling the body of the sick would have made the spread of disease even worse to the native population.. . i suspect in the game that if you don't bury the dead you can expect and indian attack very soon...."
"he need in-patient help. if his parent can't help him (outpatient) then i think it's appropriate for him to be hospitalized so he can see what he's doing to his body. he's only 11 with anorexia, he need this help."
"i believe (based on the shepherd boy clearly being one of the shepherd from the gospel account).... . that the ""mighty king"" is certainly king herod."
much of america stored energy is in it people. . . the answer is to render down thousand of chunky mid western corn fed fatty so that the fat from their grotesque body can be used to power suv etc.
there is no error in biblical prophesy. every thing happens a predicted. fortune telling by seer or who ever have only a small percentage of accuracy
"not everyone doe this. anyway, the answer is because they were taught to do so. i think it wa to be sure the number didn't get confused with another."
what is the population of catholic religion in the world?. i mean the people of the vatican? . 100%
"absent. while being tolerant it is easy to tolerate evil, . in a sense condoning it."
"been there, done that. write down everything that appeal to you, why it does, how realistic it seems, and dabble in a little bit of everything until you've narrowed it down enough to make a decision.. . eventually you will get tired of waffling and force yourself to choose."
"ok, i fell for it! :) thanks for the laugh."
"not too much, might make you sick but won't kill you. i give bread with mold on it to birds, they eat it."
"i think there is a difference between ignorance and being indifferent. and a difference in prejudice and intolerance. i am indifferent of those that blame everyone else for their problems. and i can't tolerate those that won""t help themselves."
"it simply cannot. i think culteral blending is horrible.i am keeping my white culture and sharing it with other white to make it the strongest known culture out there. and i hate when non white think were racist because of this, i dont want other culture mixing with our culture and corrupting our values, thats why when i have child they will go to the whitest possible school out there."
you should check out this website. they should have the answer there.
"heaping. - more than filled: in sufficient quantity to rise above the rim of a shallow container, especially a spoon or plate, in a small heap"
"more important. if man wa made from dirt, why is dirt not still turning into people?"
"normally it is just great! sunny and warm , but not too warm! may might be the best time to travel to italy!"
"they can't help it. asking corny, stupid questions, they'll get corny stupid answers."
i overcome my fear by welcoming them. i look inside my fear and understand them.
"smuggling wasn't an organised business. it wa lot of individual able to make a lot of money in a short time. it didn't matter how many smuggler were killed, if there wa a demand for the good and the reward were high enough, someone would take it on."
"the ""squinty"" look of chinese people's eye (and many other ethnicities, including many north american natives) is caused by something called an ""epicanthic (or epicanthal) fold"", a fold of the upper eyelid over the inner corner of the eye.. . there are many reason why the epicanthic fold should have developed in human - a a protection against harsh sunlight and extreme cold (hence the presence of the epicanthic fold in native american from the arctic region of alaska), or perhaps to protect against blowing desert sands."
"airtight containers; that can be a plastic bag with a clip or a box with a lid - matter not a jot - a long a it is airtight they will stay a fresh a if just baked.. . can't mix soft and crisp in the same bag though, a everything will achieve the same level of moisture - which will mean the crisp will seem soggy and the moist will seem dry.. . i suppose putting bread in with the 'moist' baked stuff would help them to stay moist a the bread would act a a reservoir of fluid if it started to dry out - but adding moist bread to your crisp stuff would be a disaster for the reason explained earlier."
"go out later than usual, don't do shots, just drink beer (no mixed drinks), and wait awhile between drinks, like fifteen or twenty minutes. that should work, especially if your a heavy drinker you can drink beer all night and not black out, but by the end of the night should be feelin' pretty good. good luck! stay out of trouble!"
"seating is the term where the juice are just beginning to come out of the veghetables, and you can see and smell them...it is usually not a long period of time...you do not want to over cook.. deglazing is when you have browned meat, etc in a pan, and then. you use liquied, usually wine or stock, to loosen on the brown bit of flavor stuck o the pan...it will make your sauce more flavorful"
"you can get a form from australia post, you need 3 form of id, at least one ha to be photo. you need passport photo taken (go to a shop, they are very picky about quality), someone (not family) who ha known you for 5 year need to sign the back of them. then take them into australia post and they will send them off, i think it cost about $160. mine arrived back after 10 days, but they have been known to take 6 weeks, so don't wait til the last min."
"scotland is part of the uk, but we do have our own parilament with power over health, education, transport energy etc. the offcial language are is english & scot gaelic (which ha very few speakers, but ha been given equal status with english)."
"it is at chapters. it's under the religion and spirtuality section with all the other christian and non-christian religious text including ""the bible""."
"two part to the answer.. 1) john wa 6 month older than jesus. he wa still the first born of his parents, though.. . 2) john lived in a different area. the baby in the bethlehem area were targeted - not the whole of israel."
"because none of the underlying problem - poverty, undereducation, a lack of decent housing, etc. - have been solved."
"religion is the lazy person way of knowing god, they settle for any fairy tale the hear and run with it a fact. it doesn't take much work to do that. science is the thinking, hardworking person way of appreciating god's work and glory by using their god-given brain and talent to better understand the almighty and his universe."
"there is a researcher who wrote a book called n*gger. in it, he talk about this phenomenon. a he describes it, the word is a racial slur when used by anybody except the people it references. however, black people using the word (and the slang version n*gga) are attempting to take back control over the word - to lessen the negative effect of the word."
"dont use any of the above. buy chicken breast on the bone boil it with and onion,carrots,potatoe celery and a little salt and olive oil. and instead of noodle and rice. it just a good."
technically there is no false knowledge! and it ha nothing to do with spirit.
i lived in hokkaido where it got -20 c and in the summer it can get really humid at about 20. but of course the hot feel much hotter than that because youve been in the winter for sssooooo! long.. it great.
"yes, but it's metro not meto. . any guy can be metro sexual. they get manicures, pedicure they take care of their physical appearance a lot"
"christmas for u is a celebration of our faith a well a the gathering of our family and friends. we exchange gift with one another but we don't make that the focus. for us, it is the time spent together laughing over old times, remembering those that have passed, watching our child marvel over all the traditions, being able to share in some terrific feast and creating new memory to cherish. i am fortunate that my family genuinely get along with one another, so the holiday are a time for u to really spend some great quality time together."
are you kidding?. . because it beautiful and brings more life to the story.. . dear god what this world is coming to
"if you don't want beliefs, then take a look at the u census. they exceed the population average in teenage pregnancy, adultery, teen suicide, depression in teen and depression in middle age women.. people ask me about the fruit of the mormon church. that would be it."
"in the first year(s of war they still had the possibility's to operated at the surface from 1943 on the air force of the ally wa getting to strong so they had to adopt new technology's like the snorkel, anti radar mat , they were glued on the periscope and the snorkel so when they where on the surface they where le visible on radar, more flak so they could fight it out with the aircraft. also new type of torpedo's like homing in onto the sound of a ship.. also trying out all kind of decoy to lure the attacker of there boat away so that they could sneak away out of harm. they also did constant amelioration's to there u boat like extending the range on the type vii.. at the end of the war there wa a new generation of u boat ready the xviii and doing some successful experiment with a new engine the walter engine but to late in war to be put into use"
"because it's ingrained, a reason to get together w/ family, a day off of work (sometimes two), good food and all. why would someone have to be religious to enjoy that?"
"dignity is grace in one conduct that command respect from others.. . poki poki, the earlier answerer ha cited the etymological meanings, and many others have rightly elucidated the implication of the word 'dignity'."
"well, numquam mean ""never"", and nusquam mean ""nowhere"". but please don't ask me why, i have no idea. =)"
i'm so sorry about this but i think you will not be pregant. . believe me
"describes the experience of feeling that one ha witnessed or experienced a new situation previously. the term wa created by a french psychic researcher, émile boirac (1851–1917)...."
"socrates became the model of the philosopher, and also a martyr for it when athens put him to death for his questioning.. because they actually wrote their thought down, plato and aristotle produced the first two complete system of philosophy, touching on just about every field (ethics, politics, aesthetics, metaphysics, etc.). many say that all subsequent western philosophy is a footnote to plato."
"because having your prostrate 'massaged' is thrilling. my boyfriend is abottom and he orgasm without toughing himself, he doe so at the exact moment that i do, and i can feel him throbbing inside against my 'head' while im orgasming."
it probably would be too much. how about something romantic like a free pas for your making him any dinner of his choice - home-cooked style!
"a friend of mine is a farmer(in wales!) and one night a policeman knocked on his door to say they had arrested 2 men after one of them wa caught shagging a sheep in my friend field while the other held a torch and a porn mag. the 2 bloke were from manchester...........anyhows.........in my experience the welsh are not any more positive towards 'yanks', we're friendly with everybody!!"
"cervantes is a name of a galician town. the writer cervantes got his name from the pirate in ""soul calibur"" if my memory serf me correctly."
everyone ha different like and dislikes. you can easily offend someone by saying something that you think is funny. we don't all think alike...thank goodness.
"cut them under running cold water and talk while cutting. sound dumb i know, but i've been told talking or singing helps."
unplug yourself from the internet. then you won't have anything to do but study.
"it's the mile-high club, actually. back in the day when people weren't a aware of std (or vds), you would either have sex with a random stranger or with someone you knew on the plane. because you were so high in the sky, you were said to have joined the mile-high club. voila."
"they are extremely expressive. just watch his eyes, and do not let him slip any card under the table to his partner."
i taught english in a troubled inner city high school where most student were written off a incorrigible. i eventually managed to establish a relationship of trust with my student and learned a much from them a they did from me...
"it's a fraternal organazation, made up of totally non catholic individuals. it began many many year ago and there are some reason why the catholic aren't allowed, something to do with something a pope did at one time. it's been so long i can barely remember that much. however, most of the founding father of america, were free masons."
gauss developed theorms - for example about the ols method. this would be related to economics - which would mean this is the correct section...but you want to know about physics....pick a subject! econ and physic aren't the same thing.
"good jew don't eat pork, and if they are orthodox, all their food is kosher.. . some catholic will not eat meat on fridays, others only on good friday.. . 7th day adventist and some others promote a vegitarian diet."
"because the country wa really small and people were sceptical about whether it would be able to provide for itself if it became independant. in order to gain independance from gb, it wa part of the deal to join msia in the first place."
i do because i nearly broke my leg on child in need night (broken ankle instead) and i didn't get a single donation.. i mean come on they got over 18 million quid!!!
i think one personality is revealed by watching how one reacts to situation good and bad. it is too complex to leave up to first impression
"the one you can get everytime on bali's beach (kuta, sanur).... almost done by very kind people (ladies) with the pure and traditional balinese coconut oil.... take more ore or le 20 minute at 1 usd if you are generous :) . . general info's and detail about professional massage and spa's on the link hereby.."
there can not be an answer. once something is broken it may not be fixed at all.
"the outlook that, through god, there is always a possibility of a joyous outcome to any problem and a peaceful future.. . blessed be"
"it's just the kind of book that can be applied to all age groups. addictive, can't describe why and maybe that make it even more interesting."
"to a reincarnationist it mean someone is walking over the grave of one of your past bodies. to everyone else it mean someone walk over the place where your body will be buried. i've heard the phrase in connection with getting a chill for no apparent reason: ""brrr... someone must have walked over my grave just then."""
"because language is beautiful and thats what great literature is...beautiful language...language in art form.. . if you can appreciate art or music, you should be able to appreciate the beauty of well placed words...its a sight to behold if you have eye to see it with a mind that can comprehend it.. . (you know it isn't just the story, it is the way it is told!)"
it abhorent that people can be so stupid and disrespectful. dont they realise that tho life were lost for them? for their freedom?
i don't know. are you a hooker? that would explain a lot.
"report it to craigslist. i had the same problem. if you report them to cragslist, put 911 in the subject line and they will get back to you shortly. also leave it alone for a few day and the problem should clear up"
vlad dracul turned the practice of impalement on the muslim who started the practice. maybe thats why.
who say that he is in charge?. . love and blessing don
"just speak the language slowly , softly and clearly. often refer to pronounciation dictionary in order to learn new words. also refer them to know the exact pronounciation of the word that you come accross in your daily life.. for further information u can contact abhijitrait@yahoo.co.in"
"they dont get mad at me. mabye they get such a lack of money and get self rightous and start judging the people that dont donate a cheap jerk even though they have no place doing it. if they get mad next time tell them to get a different x-mas job because they are giving the salvation army a bad name with their attitude.,"
"you will have to get a 60 credit master degree in counseling,sit for a certification and licensure and have 3000 post graduate hours!!!"
"some folk say, that's it, end of story.. . others feel that we rise into heaven for everlasting glory. . still more feel that we come back a a reincarnated soul"
"open up a compact disk and take a look, in the back page there are some legal requirement such as:. the record label company, producer, copyright info, manufacturer, graphic desighner, etc. it also would site plagarism protection if the band us other copyrighted source like another band music, an author lyric they have to pay roylties to the orginal source in that case or get thier permission."
well i do enjoy it! and not all of it taste bitter! some is super yummy!
"trust is what allows u to have meaningful relationship with other people; without it, we cannot converse without wondering whether the person speaks truthfully. you would be unable to believe what another is saying. i do think there are different level of trust and that being skeptical of many others is wise. without any trust at all, however, life becomes quite lonely."
#1 you need to email me . #2 why 16 a.d. . #3 are you drunk
"an observation is a clinical and objective look at an object, phenomenon, or event in which a conclusion is devised.. . example: i look like a duck, it quack like a duck, it fly and swim like a duck; it must be a duck."
"not much. freedom is usually used more generally, where liberty is mostly used when specifying a certain control where one is free of. i.e. liberty to speak, liberty to vote etc."
"they're interrelated. all of personal attribute contribute to the development of the latter four, but the four is the way of knowing, which in the end, will greatly influence personal development and attribute. it'a a back to square one thing."
it usually is used in the social science to mean a society that ha not mechanized it agriculture. (any other industry usually come after that.)
"i have two apples, you have none. you want one of my apples, so i sell you one of them. that is capitalism.. . anyone who ha what someone else want and is willing to sell it to make a profit is a capitalist."
"yes, i had a bad habit of beginning every reply with a 'no' followed by the details. yes, now i have reformed and start all my reply with a 'yes'!!"
"when you put mentos in a 2 liter bottle of diet coke(not caffeine free) it will cause a fountain of foam to squirt out. it ha to be at least 4 mentos dropped a simultaneously a possible to work well and they have to be the white uncoated mint mentos. it is also funny if you take a mouthful of coke and a mento, you look like a rabid dog."
"bitter is a barback supply that is added to bloody mary's and other old fashioned cocktails. the bitter alone are 90 proof, so remember, use in small amounts!!"
"ya, i wa going to suggest smoky mountain tennessee, (pigeon forge/gatlinburg)and get a cabin with a hot tub! it pretty close to most everywhere, and there lot to do indoors and some out also, like cave tours. there one called the lost sea, and it a cave with an underground lake, and they take you on glass bottom boats. very fun!"
"when i went to answer your question, you had asked it 3 minute ago, there were 3 day left to answer and i would be the third person to answer, so it really is haunting you, perhaps it is your lucky number.. . i suggest that when you see the number, pay close attention to what is going on around it, there must be a message there for you. or even part of a message that you must add up with the part from all the other 3's"
rand and rose flem-ath had an interesting take on it. see:. . when the sky fell: in search of atlantis by rand flem-ath and rose flem-ath
"yugoslavia wa assembled from a collection of mini-states in the balkan region after world war ii. it stuck together while tito wa it leader, but spun off into the horror of hatred among bosnia and serbia and herzegovina and kosovo after that. slovenia managed to avoid that mess."
"maybe something unbelievable may happen in your life, being a you never seen one. or you are going to have a wonderful pork roast for dinner. or you'll hit the lottery.. "" when pig fly """
"well it would deprive the empire (centered on modern day greece and turkey) of egypt plentiful grain. in addition it would cut off the trade root to sub saharan africa and india, a well a cut off the sea trade with china. also it would unhinge the byazantine grip on the maghreb (west africa) and open italy to seaborne invasion from the south."
"yes,the ethiopian really do have the ark of the covenant.i saw something about it being in their possession a few year ago on the discovery channel & read something about it in national geographic magazine.. . a to why the vatican doesn't have it,what i read about it & what i watched on tv about it,that wasn't even addressed.my guess is that they weren't sure about it existence,since,up until a few year ago,many people(mainly archaelogists),didn't believe that it still existed after 586 b.c."
"first settlement, jamestown, va. jamestown settlement is a name sometimes used to describe the first permanent english settlement in north america established at jamestown in the virginia colony in 1607. jamestown wa also the site of the first german and polish settler who arrived in 1608."
all human hair is red! it just come in different shades.
"bon voyage mean ""safe passage"" or ""travel safe"". au revoir mean ""until we meet again"". bon viver would mean ""good liver"" or someone who life well, i think..."
"i'm a level 7, i wasted way more time here than you.. . you have to learn how to click the ""x"" button in the right hand corner...as hard a it is..."
"hmmm, probably when dracula is trying to get winona and keanu is trying to save her. . been a long time since i watched it though, i don't remember too well"
"if you havea coconut milk, you can use this a a substitute for milk....will be thicker. agree, add a bit of vanilla. enjoy!"
i use jasmine rice for all of my rice dishes. you can make it in a rice cooker or on the stovetop. it is light and fluffy and ha good flavor. never use instant :-)
wash the turkey to remove the salt. then put the powder and cook it.
the aclu is the most dangerous organization in the usa.. liberal minded democrat just took over our nation.. the whacko muslim probably have a better chance of invading the usa now than ever..... the world is not perfect
here is a link with some images. perhaps you will get some idea from it. good luck.
"no, arabian r better tinker den americans. der use to be so meny smart peepol in my country during time of ussr. ussr wast smartest country in world dis tyme. amerika wast also smarter den, but now ist spoilt country."
"because we had no gripe with king george. in fact many of the people that settled in canada after the revolution had fought with king george. for doing so they were rewarded with big tract of land.. . many of the people in quebec however, don't like the british monarchy and they are still trying to get out of canada, but they won't go to war; they are trying to do it politically."
"it derives from middle english `pere `(before the year 1000), via old english `peru` from the latin `pira`. the botanical name of the tree is `pyrus`."
"i don't get pissed, i just don't believe you. why do you get pissed if someone suggests we were made by a higher being?"
"you are going to be alone on thanksgiving? well, prepare yourself a meal, give thanks to what you have. god bless."
"well being alone mean you're by yourself . being lonely mean you have no one to share life with and you start to think you're not good enough...and you start to have douts about yourself which can lead to depression..so being alone is having no one but being content i guess , being lonely is a feeling of there is no one out there for you. i guess you could say being lonely is like an emptyness or void in one soul."
yes i agree. you can be a catholic a well a being a christian.i believe in god and i am catholic and christian
sneezing wa an early symptom of the black death. you would want god's blessing on that
"wear a flat-top hair cut. grow a bushy mustache and wear a hat that ha a point on top. then dress in a suit that you can add ton of medal that don't mean anything and put them all over your chest to make yourself look more important, or more stupid depending on who is looking at you at the moment."
"because you can't decide what to say first, right? it's not a confidence issue, it's one of thinking that you must get it right the first time. just say anything and then edit and add to it and reprioritize a you go along. the person might misunderstand at first but then if you keep talking until it ha all been explained."
"the soul is the true 'us' with ego, personality, intellect and body removed. it is energy and it doe not store our personality memory and experiences."
"before the spanish invasion and the eventual migration of horses, mule and donkey north into what we call the american southwest, the hopi used foot power exclusively.. . however, the hopi a a rule have a long history of being fairly localized and didn't migrate much."
"sangria is traditionally a spanish drink. they mix red wine, sometimes vodka, and different kind of fruit juice in it. it's really good, and available to everybody in spain. the way ur bartender made it, wa not traditional .. but still sound really good"
"just relax and keep it real.. enjoy the experience, talk to people. it's a wonderful feeling.. look the view from your window, how everything look so incredible beautiful from above."
"""i think therefore i am."" concluded rene descartes. the moment i stop thinking (of my own volition), that is when i cease to be myself."
"beet sugar u sugar derived from beets. beet are very sweet by nature and that is used instead of cane sugar because i believe it is cheaper to make. it's made the same way cane sugar is made, sorry i don't have any specifics."
"negroid, caucasoid, and mongoloid. all people are descended from a combination of any or all of these three."
my favourite holiday memory wa getting married to the love of my life in a very romantic personal ceremony with just u and our two child in a beautiful white gazebo covered in colourful bouganvillea on a beach in the florida key 10 year ago. we stayed there for 4 night then spent our honeymoon with the child in walt disney world doing all the park and watching our kid have the time of their lives!. it just doesn't get better than that! happiness is family- the holiday wa secondary!
"""bading"" and ""badaf"" both mean: homosexual.. . bading (circa 1970s) is an older word than badaf (c. 1980s). these word are colloquial. the formal word would be ""bakla""."
placidus because it's easiest for me. perhaps you would get more response in the horoscope section which fall under the entertainment and music category.
"(jan. 20, 1872), brief uprising of 200 filipino troop and worker at the cavite arsenal, which became the excuse for spanish repression of the embryonic philippine nationalist movement. ironically, the harsh reaction of the spanish authority served ultimately to promote the nationalist cause."
you will need to use a tripod to steady the camera while the lens take in light. either that or put the camera on a makeshift stand a long a it will stay in place and not move while the lens is open.. . then adjust the shutter speed if you can to give you the right exposure time.
"you recognize a bit of yourself (if youre gay) in others, you can relate to what they are doing. straight folk relate to what there gay friend are like, so they might not always be a accurate.. . it not just mannerism and stereotyped behavior, it presence."
"because he had a compulsive desire to have a male heir. since his current wife (i forget which one off hand) didn't provide, he wanted a divorce. for political reasons, the pope wouldn't grant it, so henry went to parliament, had them break away from rome and start the church of england, and had himself made head of the church."
unemployment refers to people who want to work but can not find a job. the society loses the production that would have been provided by the unemployed workers. if a large percent of the population is unemployed it can cause social unrest.
"it means: the walk. ""ganga"" is ""a walk"" and the additional -n is the article."
there are two different method for holding drumsticks....you need to talk to the director before auditioning and find out which style you'll be using for that particular drumline. i've been in drumlines that use both.... good luck!
justice is getting what i deserve.. . mercy is not getting what i deserve.. . grace is getting what i never deserved.
the band is fronted by identical twin brother benji and joel madden. other member of the band include their friend billy martin and paul thomas.
because they are a bunch of pricks.. . this place get more and more lame each week.
"in the rap song ""you down wit opp"".......... it mean other people property. you down with gettin' wit someone else."
"the hot water molecule vibrate faster then cold water one, this accelerate the colding process. once the process engaged, the molecule seem to keep higher vibrating speed. even when reaching them same temp a a colder water started at the same time."
i actually hauled out an old emily post book my great aunt gave me & it say to discreetly spit the seed onto your spoon. i think it would be funner to ping them across the room.
there are child who use this and we shouldn't be obscene or abusive for their sake. besides it doe not accomplish anything constructive to be rude or obscene.
"ok, last hint for the day...... . look up 'the hours' by michael cunningham to expand on queer theory - gay and lebian theme are portrayed within, however queer theory actually go beyond this (don't confuse the two, they are quite different).. . the hour cover many themes, but queer theory is prevalent - read the whole book to see what i mean. it's a good post modern example anyway"
being condemned to hell whenever you question anything.. losing money to donating to thing you don't believe in.. you must live your life the way someone else see fit.. your business can never be your business.. you depend on jesus to make your life better instead of bettering it for yourself.. you are not responsible for your action (good or bad) if you are saved. what kind of life is that?
you tell em girl. but be fair if you were married to phillip you'd want to get out of the house a much a possible.
"usually an emotional person is sensitive and respond openly to something such a the american flag, patriotism, a sad movie, or a reaction to what someone ha said to them. they may anger quickly over minor things. they wear their heart on their sleeve and let their feeling surface easily. they tend to hold grudge longer and find it difficult to forgive someone that ha hurt them."
"i read once in a fate magazine the ghost generally don't care much for noise, they will arrive when it is quiet.. i have seen them during daylight hour or felt their presence.. another theory is that they follow their ""living"" routine maybe your ghost is/was a night owl too."
"when you enter a person's home in canada, it's customary to take off your shoe just inside the door. a far a dining manners, though, they are very similar to those used in the states. a ""serviette"" is the same thing that we call a ""napkin""."
"there are many level of heaven, it's beautiful like earth, except no shadows, no death, just light, everything is alive, animals, trees, plants, river of crystal clear water, mountains, all the abortion baby that are growing and be taught of god. eventually we'll receive new bodies, are sens would be on a new level, you'll be able to sense what plants, tree and animal feel, we'll be able to communicate with out having to speak. our new eye and body would be made strong enough to take in the new beauty of the new world and withstand god's glory.. . many many more things....... peace be with you!"
the only person that can answer that is you! . everybody go at their own pace so if it is making you uncomfortable then it is too fast for you.
smile and compliment their shoes. it confuses the sh*t out of them.
nihilism is active and passive. . n. endorsed the former and excoriated the latter.. pessimism is life-negating and thus just the same a passive nihilism for n. since there is nothing more to the world than life qua power relations.
"with a lot of stress, and love. did i mention a lot of cleaning up too?"
"anyone you buy your photo, will definitely make money out of your photo. is it acceptable to you."
"i completely agree with you, i never understand why people can't consider the idea of god planning evolution, a combination of the two just like you said.. . the people who disagree are the one who consider the bible to be the absolute truth when it come to god and creation, even the atheist are doing it. the bible is not a history book, even christian fundamentalist have interpreted creation in the bible differently. if you remember that it's not 100% fact and keep an open mind, then people would understand."
"it wasn't blind feeling, i felt the real tangible presence of j.c, that why i believe henceforth. you can too if you search him earnestly & sincerely."
"there's not a great deal of difference between the two. according to some on-line french cuisine source, the potato in au gratin are cooked prior to being layered, covered with a cream sauce (bechamel) and baked until the top is crusty. on the other hand, scalloped potato (usually thinly sliced) are not cooked before being layered, sauced and baked. scalloped potato may require longer cooking time since they start the process in a raw state,."
"you can, a long a it is a fact, and not an opinion or a guess. if it is something known and provable, you can say ""the fact that it wa a cat, and not a dog..."" but not if it opinion ""the fact that cat are better than dogs"" would be wrong, because that is a matter of debate."
"you can't. if you contact anything in the spirit world, it would be a demon."
"it's normal to be put off by other people's negative opinion of your opinions, i beg you not to listen to them. if someone doesn't like me for who i am and for who i want to be, that's one thing- but if they can't accept it and get over it, if they critisize me all the time, then they seriously aren't worth my fucking time. there are people out there who will share that interest and love you just the way you are, w/o having to try and change you."
merger almost never work. the two soon go out of business and their asset all get sold to a new conglomerate of investor for another short lived run.
heat up the water. a it evaporates the salt will condense out of it to the bottom of the pan.
"here is an example of one you can buy online.. . ""jingle bell fun for your kitty this holiday season!. green and red jester pet collar with gold color bell accents."""
it isn't necessarily becoming more widespread. we just hear about it more so now. it is entirely possible that there were more act of pedophilia in the past and the vast majority of them were never brought out into the public arena similar to michael jackson.. . personally i'd guess that it is happening either at the same rate or a slightly lower rate than before.
"put a chicken on a stick and go to the nearest chinese take away.. stand in the door way pointing at the sky and say ""my god have you seen that?"" a the chinerman come to have a look put the stick in his hand and pust him outside... easy."
if u have the email address of your friends... why not use im... and send it to your friends.... or use the email in y! answer....
"video game are just another form of entertainment, like movie or tv. people dislike them because they think they are 'corrupting our children' or that they somehow make you more ignorant. . although, no one seems to say this about television, which is way more brainless than most video games."
"lot of patience... i use a a nut cracker and apply slight pressure til it start to crack, move down the fatter part repeat until the meat is free.. often have to sacrifice the pointed end of the meat but should end up with a good nugget."
"just go to chat rooms, talk to people on here, etc. there are also some pen pal agency if you would like to try writing letter back and forth. . just understand that most people who learn english a a second language usually have much better grammatical skill than a native-born english speaker."
"you have to let them know you want it and they have to be profiting from it. some store will special order an item for you if you ask or, you can try to find a source on the web.. sorry, i know what you mean."
no it completely different. the hokey pokey in hokey pokey ice cream i think is much different to a crunchie bar. you can tell that when you eat it.. . i cant explain the difference but it bloody delicious!
"a dike is a wall to hold water back. a dyke is a negative slang word for lesbian. if you're prepared to use it a an insult, be prepared to get punched in the mouth."
good ? i would like to know my self!!!
"if the bag previously ha been opened, it may have absorbed moisture from the air. at the same time, the exposure to the air allows some of the lighting fluid in the briquet to evaporate. solution: saturate with charcoal lighter fluid."
evil is perversion and who would expect an evil spirit to act right.. i cr 13;8a. 11-1-6
dont know where you live but around here the yob dont go to school !!!! xx
blonde is a hair color sweetie not a race. because the black girl that life next door to me with blonde hair is not eurpoean.
"human recognise the head a the most important part of the body where brain, hear, smell, vision, taste, etc., reside. therefore, first safety reaction is to save the head and that why we always cover our head in the rain! we dont do that if we accept the rain a non threat, just walk in the rain and having fun. nevertheless, what ape doe is something to ponder on - who follow who?"
"that would depend on what your nation is.. but not much, because all nation are under a similar threat from their own secret service departments, which operate on behalf of the new world order, to keep people terrorised.. if we ignore the secret service terrorism, the tiny remainder could be viewed a no real threat at all."
well you can try selecting the area you want to colour and try gradient map and channel mixer from adjustments. it might help you.
because nobody is there at that time. . :> peace. .
ever tried doing rune on a pc keyboard..... it a bit hard!!
"look, in all honesty you can go to wikipedia, history site and find the meaning of the word/words, pom pomme pommy and the p.o.m. but really we do it mostly to get up their nose ~ same a they call u colonial etc., all good fun, bit like a love/hate sibling relationship ..........btw the ""ashes"" do not belong to the pom and will be left in aus!!!!"
"because you were critisised so much a a child this ha made you a very negative person with little self worth. sadly, only you can really change the way you are, you need to tell yourself every day, i can, i will and i am going to succeed. i believe that you can do it, have faith in yourself. i wish you all the best wish possible."
look like you came back using another name didn't you? you use to be 2cool and then loveme and now your al sharpton. your a rude person and i'm no longer playing your game because your not worth my time. you are crude and your reply to people question are mean and un-called for.
"yes, that's totally fine! it really help with the prep time. just toss them in a big bowl of cold water and put them in the fridge. they'll be fine."
"life is what you make of it. we're all here for a reason, but that reason is different for every single one of us. the purpose of u living is to fulfill the above, to find out the reason we're here and achieve the goal in satisfying ourselves that we've found out that reason and completed it."
"bat mitzvah--when a jewish girl becomes responsible for fulfilling her religious obligation to judaism, at the age of 12.. bar mitzvah--when a jewish boy becomes reponsible for fulfilling his religious obligation to judaism, at the age of 13. it involved laying tefillin and reading from the torah."
"leave your sock and shoe off and go barefoot for the rest of the day. wash when you get home....... by the way snowflake, you get athlete foot from wearing shoe - it's the fungus in your shoe caused by hot sweaty foot in shoe that are never cleaned inside."
"all christian are here to seek and save that which is lost, and that is our purpose because the scripture say so. but everyone is here to serve god."
"when i consider something an argument, it's because there is no listening going on...just talking or yelling at each other. civil exhanges would be a debate or discussion, where there is talking and listening...and open-mindedness."
"because people have a need to feel that there is someone out there who is good and just and will take care of them. there are so many ""bad guys"" in the world, we need to believe that there are ""good guys"" out there who will win in the end. that's just human nature and applies to all civilizations."
"although i am so ,i see no reason why a naturally occurring skin appendage should be removed. it is a phony pseudo religious act. it seems that the jew started it and the malsoms followed along. i would never personally have it done."
"i use acrylic all the time but don't use oils. try shaking (or stirring) them up. acrylic are water soluable and will dilute in water, wash up easily and have really no odor. i'm guessing the oil paint will float if you try putting a drop or two in some water and if you get it on your skin or on a brush, it won't wash off easily because my understanding is that you would need special cleaner for oil because of it ingredients."
"go to my yahoo, and click on more. go to the a's and avatar sholud be at da bottom"
"because it made the story more interesting. you can't get convert with ""and god created everything perfectly and everybody lived happily ever after"""
"because they moved from india (and other part of asia) and they evolved to the tone of red over time due to the different climate. in addition, amongst the asians, they resemble the indian the most."
"in spanish you can use the word ""peste"" a a synonym for ""plague"", yes; and also when someone bother you a lot, you can say he/is is ""como la peste"". but it ha also another meaning; we say ""qué peste"" when something smell really bad; in english you would say that something stinks."
fumbling attempt to explain the fact of life to child often involved analogy with bird laying egg and bee pollinating flowers. . . this is what i come up with..hope this help
"a neutral soap should help, with distilled water, you must use only the bubbles. afterwards, you can glaze the painting with the clear part of an egg a a kind of varnish that will protect it from atmospheric pollutants, that can then be cleaned with plain water (preferebly distilled)."
it's against their religion to celebrate anything. they don't even celebrate birthdays.
you can't. there are no train in morocco south of marrakech.
"jennerfer... is right on the money. and latin castrum led to norman french and then english ""castle"" and old french and then english ""chateau""."
"""casta"" in italian is pronounciated like /'kasta/, a you see it written. in italian language the letter ""c"" is pronounciated always a /k/ when is before vowals ""a"",""u"" and ""o""( a in the italian word ""caro""=dear, ""casa""= house, ""colore""=colour,"" cucina""= kitchen).. hope that is of help.. have a great time!"
it's the same a if i went back to england and tried to pas myself off a british. ain't gonna happen. if your family ha been in america more than a generation you're an american so stop pretending to be something you're not.
"they're the half who are slow thinkers. the five syllable in that phrase give them several extra second to work out the substance of their reply. mind you, it might be an indication of honesty. lie seem to trip off the tongue!"
"the image make me immediately think of baron samedi, who was, i believe, a death figure from a voudoun mythology. unfortunately, i'm not very well-read on that particular branch, but that's what come to mind."
"oh brother!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. even if you were soliciting,so what??. i read the most gros question at poll and survey and they get away with anything,come on over hon:i'll personally massage you into heaven,ok.. see ,how long this answer will be here. kisses:""rob""."
"from the scientific point of view. . the egg take up the space of the water, while having a lower overall density, ergo it float on top"
you can it wont be a rich but i actually like it better. sorry read your question backwards. most icream is a blend of cream and 1/2 and 1/2
figure out how to brain-wash an entire country. good luck with that!!
"hi phedro,. well it is lmao i believe.. laugh my as off.. it is an emphasis to lol = laugh out loud."
"i have never meet a man so good a you are.. not even paul the apostle ha been able to live at the same level of purity that you have been able to ascend to:. rom 7:19-20. for the good that i would i do not: but the evil which i would not, that i do.. now if i do that i would not, it is no more i that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me.. wow is me, i am more like paul i sin daily. that's why jesus came, to save me from my sin... jim"
"all inclusive is a it says, and it may include drinks. half board is bed,breakfast, and evening meal. this definitely doe not include drinks."
"a priest is normally called by god to serve people at a church. a brother is normally called to a religious order serving, not so much a parish, a a community in a varity of ways."
the energy and warmth of living flesh keep them going! just like politicians!
"when he or she preaches and teach the word of god for free.... . ""...freely ye have received, freely give..."" a it is written.. . peace be with you!"
just put it on the scale......why is treacle listed under ethnic cuisine ??
he's losing a lot of money and power with the loss of his leadership role. hopefully the true follower of christ will be able to keep the faith without him.
very cold. sometimes well below zero. wrap up very warm!!!
they look like razors. if you want a pic search it out!
"probably because it's mass produced, fed on tasteless food and heaven know what else, then injected with water. best to buy free range and even better, organic."
"one should not study logic, a logic teacher only teach those that don't study logic on their own.. . now ask yourself: did the logic teacher study logic themselves? . if they did, they are not being very logical.. and if they didn't, there is no reason to study logic with them."
maybe we are all 'brains in a bath'... but unlike the 'tub bound brain' we can communicate... and each of our bathes...(because we can communicate) operates from a different perspective. it's probably obvious that i've never taken a philosophy course in my life... but honestly: doe it matter? it's the welcome perspective of all these 'separately bound brain bathes' that make life interesting to me.
"i suppose the market for sword isn't a active these days, but there is probably a market for metal gate and doors. also some decoration and kitchenware (kettles, pot and spoons) and metal part for rustic wood furniture (you would have to team up or act a a supplier).. . to keep tradition, you could make decorative sword but also add to your product line small dagger and even letter opener (well, letter are getting dated too, lol)."
"eating your food really, really fast. like ""bolting it down your throat."" if i recall, pip's aunt make both pip and joe take some medicine because they ate their food too fast...probably a digestive or something.....but actually he wa saving it for magwitch, if i remember correctly."
not true for everyone. most people grow out of this. i am who i am but it ha taken year for me to feel this way.
you just leave out information. don't lie about it just talk about whatever situation and leave out certain detail so it won't exactly be lying but it won't be telling the whole truth either. now if they ask you specifically about the detail you left out then you either lie or tell the truth...no getting out of that one.
"it's because the sensation you get from eating hot food cause your brain to release wonderful chemical that make you feel great~. . this doesn't happen to everyone, which is why some people don't like them."
"the proper cut is the loin cut to 3/8 in. thick placed between 2 sheet of plastic and flattened thin with a mallet, small fry pan, wine bottle or even the side of a can. flatten till they are the size of your palm, about 4x4.. footnote: a butcher will look at you really strange if you ask him to tenderize veal, better yet ask him what a docker is."
"it changed early people from being nomadic tribe to civilized cultures, they then developed irrigation and became societies, then went on to become empires. . . if you don't have to follow your food year-round then you have more time to aspire."
"it would help if you told u where you are traveling from.. . it look like you are writing from europe - we had a fabulous time in tangiers. it wa very inexpensive, safe [we did use some common sense and stayed out of scary looking areas], and one of the most interesting place i've ever been."
counselor is a psychologist who analyzes the psychic problem and suggests remedy. he or she also monitor the progress of her counseling on the patient. he/she is a sort of psychological consultant for the patient.
mash them with coconut milk and some curry paste. sprinkle with cilantro :)
"during the week of advent (and also the week of lent) the gloria is not said a this prayer is one of praise and thanks for the birth of christ, which, during advent, ha not yet happened. it is not said during lent a it is too ""uplifting"" at a time when thought should be centered inward and be sorrowful and penitant."
"yes, freinds with benefit is a relationship, but not in the sense of sexually committed. freinds with benefit are freinds who, along with playing golf, bowling, shopping, talking politics, religion and gossip, also relieve each others sexual tensions, partake in sexual experimentation, all without the exclusivity of a monogamous relationship."
"pimp represent the oppressive patriarchy that ha forced woman into debasing themselves to sell their body in the first place.. . this is a pointed debate, a there is a lot of gray area separating a woman's conscious decision to have sex for money vs. being coerced into it by abuse, society and/or other influences.. . no matter the woman's reason for selling herself, pimp are generally seen a being exploitative and abusive. i'm sure that for every ethical pimp (what an oxymoron) there are plenty more who don't hesitate to smack hoe and gank dey chedda."
"i think it is based on both, that is on individual theory and how one can use this them in a smart, economic and beneficial way to industry or to a country. sometimes the theory are stupid, but someone somewhere always pluck out something of importance and ""wala"", the stupid is churned into profit."
"i think it help if everything is very cold right from the start---the wet ingredient in the crust need to be very cold when you mix them and cold when you roll the crust out. then, once it's ready, put the crust in the fridge until it's very cold and then pour the filling to to bake."
"wow. you have no idea who shirley temple was, right?"
"it happens to me, and every since i wa little, my mother tell me it's because i lack a certain substance between my knee joint. i don't know that it's official name is, but everyone is suppose to have it in the joints, to lubricate the two end of the bones.. . she used cook whole chicken and make me eat the gooey stuff from the chicken's joints. she say that's the stuff i lack."
"my young friend, i cannot answer that question. but i can tell you this. he love you, he love marijuana, and he love when you smoke it. so....have fun."
it mean that every thing is good and going well and no problem a-ok. cool. righteous man. hunky-dory. right a rain
"one is your common caper, the range in size from small. (nonpareil) to slightly larger.. then you have a, a i know them here in europe the caper-apple,. could also be caperberry, they are large (size of a cherry) with stem.. they taste maybe not a intense a the small variety.. basically the difference is like raisin and grape to give you a picture."
"you might notice that most beer bottle are colored brown the reason for this, it prolongs the life of the beer. in other word it won't go bad. if bottled in a clear bottle like mgd for instance it won't last a long a say a budwiser"
"get bent a get bent out of shape meaning anger yourself . implying i don't care so ""f"" u."
"another pronunciation is similar to the greek ""g."" it's a voiced variant of german ""ch."". . what this mean is that the back of your tongue cause friction against the velum."
"it take week to get a passport unless you pay extra to have rushed at the post office you will also need to a get the passport photo, you could have that done at walgreen's, mejiers, some photo shops. germany is beautiful, have fun, oh yes and eat a donar, look like a pita"
"i agree with all answers. it appears on the gay question you get down scored if there is a hint of straightness and thumb up if you maybe gay.. . just for answering a question and giving your opinion. i have said a number of time for a minority community they appear to want to curb free speech and i reckon free speech help the minority community more than most, ironic."
"do you mean seperated? if you do it's because each ha different qualities. white act a a leavening or rising agent, yolk bind ingredient together."
"according to the article on wikipedia, when european first saw these bird in the americas, they confused them with a different type of bird called the african helmeted guineafowl. this bird wa also called the turkey (because it wa imported to central europe through turkey), so they went ahead and called the bird in the america ""turkey"" also."
why can't we write christmas instead of using the x sign for christ. doesn't take that long and is much more appropriate considering it is christ's birthday we are celebrating. merry christmas shopping.
"you're the second person that's joined tonight and asked this question. if you have a friend to talk to then talk to them, or a family member. there are support group who can also help."
"golden opportunity for everyone, they can sell (and indeed do sell) whatever they make to china where demand for many kind of import is rising rapidly. also raw material like timber and wool. they also benefit from higher market for their import in other regional country that trade a lot with china such a malaysia and japan.. . mostly they have to specialise in making thing that china doesn't, not in toy and cheap consumer goods."
"because of the highly compartmentalized style of high schools. everything is filled between the lines, that is how they are taught to behave for the majority of their day and so it is no surprise that is how they function away from the desk. often they set unspoken rule that each clique abides to and help punish those who do not follow them. eventually, we hope, that once they have escaped the classroom and had the chance to find what their life are really about they will out grow the cliquishness that they formed in school."
"the phrase is ""no taxation without representation."" it mean if i don't have a voice in the government, i'm not giving the government any money."
"there are time that it is best to go to the source for help. if you have adobe reader 7, you should have a basic adobe photo-shop free. an upgrade to photo-shop element 5 will cost around $70.-$80. you can do good work with that programme."
"in this country(uk), cappuccino is a serving of espresso (about 2 ounces) with essentially similar amount of milk and a rather stiff milk foam. caffè latte is a serving of espresso with about three time a much milk, topped with a short head of foam. so a latte is milder and ha a milkier taste."
"in chinese, ""er"" is pronounced like the ""er"" in the english word ""alert"" with a quick falling tone (which is the 4th tone in chinese), and ""hu"" is pronounced like the ""hoo"" in the english word ""hoot"" with a rising tone (the 2nd tone in chinese). so i guess when pronouncing this word in english, it might be er-hoo."
"i have several acquaintance that unfortunately use that term, however they use ""there must have been a n in the wood pile."" and in that instance mean your daddy isn't your daddy (or to whomever they are referring). it mean the mother slept with a african american and produced a child...simply a a joke."
"if you can't figure out how to get to vega from pa, then you are not ready to leave. the easiest part of your 'adventure' is simply getting from point 'a' to point 'b' - but if you have trouble with that, you either don't know how to read a map, don't have any money, are really, and i mean really immature ( 11 year old?) or just really dumb."
if you were finding black hole in your husband sock then i would be very surprised a the gravitational pull exerted by them would suck up the entire planet .. question: if your husband wore red sock would they be red holes?
"a others have pointed out, you are wrong.. . when people are embarrassed, blood rush to their face -- this happens with all races.. . it's easier to see when the person ha light-colored skin, but asians, native americans, middle easterners, and black all blush."
"what he considers himself is his business. but that doesn't change the fact. i guess he can be delusional about himself if he want to, but to what end?. if a man ha sex with a man, he is a homosexual."
i know little french but i guess it mean :. hop help to live .
"a wise man once said that a hero is nothing but a sandwich.i guess in part this is true.. but in america everybody look for their 15 minute of fame.. i wa an emt/paramedic for many year and i delivered baby to cpr on victim and you would be surprised at the number of family member who would come up and say "" your a hero"",no not a hero but an american doing my job."
payne conveyed american feeling toward liberty and being an independent nation. common sense help to reassure american that their fight wa a just cause. general george washington had copy given out to his troop to help inspire them to keep fighting.
"you could use cardboard, pipe cleaners, or any art and craft supplies. i think you could get some flexible cardboard and just twist it around. then glue it together. that's how i made a tower in third grade."
"tisane . often referred to a “herbal teas,” tisane contain no part of camellia sinensis (the tea plant). instead they are made from various fruits, spices, dried flower or other botanics and are naturally caffeine free.. place them in steaming hot to boiling hot water and let them steep a any tea."
"you say that the whole race is in the wrong because of what some have done. we are all human being and we make mistakes, but the whole white race shouldn't be held responsible for what michael richards did and neither should the whole black race be held responsible for what those black did that the comedy club you went to. people just need to stop looking at color, my skin color ha nothing to do with my action and my words."
pretend your five and it's always xmas eve. that way your always going to bed waiting to wake up to a brand new present. or quit job move to panama and marry a cabana boy
"there are many people, regardless of race, that are reluctant to see any type of therapist. many people believe there is a stigma associated with seeking mental help and that they'll be labeled a crazy."
"hey ritabrann..., . . if you recognize an emotion before you act, then you can ask what caused that emotional reaction from you. this added to the origional thought should give you deeper insight, before you act on your thoughts."
"ignorance is the lack of knowledge, stupidity is the inability to comprehend or use knowledge. even the smartest person can be ignorant, they just need to be educated. no amount of education can correct stupidity, you can't put sense into the brain of a fool."
"it ha particle quality (mass), and when it hit something else with these qualities, and that will not let that particular frequency of light be absorbed into it, the light 'particle' change direction (bounces off). or so it would seem."
"unless they come from an indigenous bloodline from the mesoamerican culture, they would most likely be of spanish decent. so you do have a point since not all mexican are of spanish decent. the spaniard view themselves a being latin, just a the italians, romanians, french, and portuguese do."
"there is no starting point nor ending, . you have to live, taste, feel, and know from the heart. you put yourself there and then write what you feel"
"hey mimette,. . you will like these sites. the first is the best."
"because relgion now-a-days is becoming hipocritical. the bible say god gave u a choice and yet religion are saying gay shouldn't choose to be gay because they don't believe in it. if god reallllly didn't want gay ppl to be gay, don't you think he would smite them???"
"i don't know because i (as well a any serious business person in nigeria) had a driver who knew where he was. if you don't, you are in the wrong place man!"
i agree with dude. look what wa done to the native people of the land we call north america. hitler don't have squat on what they did to the native people here.
lower class people make up the majority of the prison population. the structure of our society make them more likely to commit crime. the one in power write the law and make the behavior of the lower class illegal.
it's a spontaneous human emotion. some people laugh easily and there's those few that you practically have to pay to laugh! same go for other emotion too.
"oh, santa run! . newtown itself is in the valley, but the run will take some up and downs."
"obviously, you weren't good enough to be a dog. maybe if you hadn't regarded evolution a fluff, you'd have gotten what you wanted."
call your local travel agent. they will find you the best flight at the best price and charge a nominal fee. usually about 30 per ticket.
"ifr: instrument flight rules, you are required by either weather or other conditions, like where you are and altitude to fly using the aircraft instrumentation.. . vfr: visual flight rules, you are flying basically by looking out the window with little or no input from the aircraft instrumentation."
"because they believed the indian belief to be very primitive and that christianity wa in fact, the only rightful religion. it wa all about white domination."
"nibble on a breast or thigh? or possibly even a neck? or how about to eat out the giblets? i've always wondered what kind of ""stuffing"" lesbian pack firmly between spread legs."
"well, one good way that i use to ease my anger is to use my imagination. let's say in your case, you can imagine that you are the dentist and the dentist that you don't like is your patient. you are supposed to give your patient an operation on the gum or tooth but you did not give her any anasthetic . keep thinking about the sour and pain look on her face and you will feel that a heavy load had just been lifted off your body."
"it's technically supposed to be pronounced skool-kill, but we in philly don't have time to say every letter...most of u just say. skoo-kul."
yawnnnn not this old chestnut again. it not blue it grey and it consists of fibre from clothing and dead skin cells...ok?
put iced coffee and a lot of ice with your preference of cream and sugar in a blender. blend until smooth. it even better
"it's probably more so they can track the spending habit of their customers. the grocery store i go to print out ""special"" coupon at the checkout, based on what you have purchased in the past (not necessarily during that trip)."
"i have read several causative factors, the predominate being bile secretion from the gall bladder -- mainly from bilirubin.. . other notion include pigment that arises from the breakdown of the iron based pigment of red blood cell in the liver and bone marrow.. . iron in the waste product bilirubin give rise to it brown color a well a the putrefaction caused by bacteria of the bowel contents.. . ... and that's the scoop on poop !"
"i agree. it's a word game in my opinion. they hope but cannot be sure no more than you or i. it just raise there expectations, i hope they are not disappointed."
"i think that the novel's purpose is to show how hardship and strife may come, but there is still a way to find happiness and love, so their relationship and all of the rough patch that they went through would clearly reassure the novel's purpose. . . hopefully that help you"
"a mentioned above, lewis' work are still protected by copyright law.... . however, some public library have free audiobooks which you can download and use (they typically only work for 30 day or so, then the file become unusable). alternatively, you might want to go to your local library and see if they have an audio-cd edition in their collection."
march in paris is usually miserable. try coming back some other time. if ti wa the end of the month i'd say risk it but in early march you can expect dreary at best.
it's supported by mountain of evidence. there's none for any alternative theory. hope this answer your question.
mr. and mrs. john doe. . with love in christ.
"no your still dumb... just smart when compared to crackheads from the hood slanging fake rock and pimpin ho es... yaddamean yo? thats how they roll in the hood homie g, trattatat ill mek yo neck snap back son"
"because a child need love, support, caring, and family more than they need to be surrounded by people simply because they share the same skin color. i think one of the most ridiculous and pitiful thing in the world is to let a child languish in foster care rather than let them be adopted by someone who love them but isn't the same race."
"excuse me? do you mean “how can leader form other country (logically thinking: third world countries) improve their economy?” is that what you are asking?. to answer that, they must strictly enforce their laws."
"it's ""well-to-do"". it come from the phrase ""well to do in the world"" which really isn't much of an explanation."
"pepperoni is a southern italian salami. although there it is called salame piccante, or spicy salami, because peperoni is bell pepper (plural). there are many different type of salami."
"i don't know how to make it but you can buy it at craft store like ac moore,i looked at some the other day(the sheet kind) and would have bought it had they had a royal blue. i wa going to show my daughter how to make pom pom with it."
because before the coming of christ (bc) the coin maker could not know it wa going to be another 55 year until he arrived. if you know what i mean.
"who knows, but that's repulsive. he should be reported to the bus company asap."
they used to be made of red paper with a lump of pitch in the middle. now they are made of plastic so they can be made in any colour. i don't think the leaf ha any significance - it's just for decoration now it's easy to include it.
"? paranoid, did you do something wrong and feeling guilty about it?. i know what you did and i'm watching you mister"
"it's not a bad word, just out-of-date -- like negro. i think the history of the mulatto experience (especially in the americas) and the connotation assigned to the word by some of it's user is what upset people. a a 'technical mulatta' i'll tell you...i could give a damn."
one factor could be that the spongecake should contain enough water to freeze. another couldbe that there some jam separating the icecream from the sponge.. . hope this helps.
"genetics will give you the ability, training will get you smart. education helps, but there are plenty of educated idiot running around. that is because ignorance can be cured but stupidity cannot."
how i am i supposed to know??? ok i'm greek and stuff and i live in athens but you lost me dude... what's your question???
"yeah, all the time. i have an active fantasy life, and i daydream a lot, about people i've seen, or fictional one i'd like to meet, or some ideal guy that probably doesn't exist. even about people i've only known through yahoo answers, sometimes."
"why you against it, you racist or something? is it all right if i call you cracker, because i bet you are one."
"pornography (from greek πόρνη (porni) ""prostitute"" and γραφή (grafi) ""writing""), more informally referred to a porn or porno, is the representation of the human body or sexual activity with the goal of sexual arousal. it is similar to, but distinct from erotica, though the two term are often used interchangeably.. -wikipedia"
"some criticism called ""constructive criticism"" is meant to help you, for example: a teacher editing a paper you wrote. other criticism is just meant to hurt and sometimes embarrass you. it just depends on who is criticizing you and why. from that you'll see whether it's to help or to hurt you."
because virtually no one in 1860s america though black were equal to whites. the black code of the 1860s and the jim crow law of the 1880s wer each patterned after law onthe book in northern state dating back to the 1840s.
i would guess that they are not thinking about the consequences. perhaps you could put a sign on the door saying that you are sleeping and not to disturb you.
because they used the bozoy bone instead. germany had surrendered before the atomic bomb wa actually ready.
"because it deal with the dead and evil spirits. people always tend to view evil a having to do with the devil/satan. then include with that belief the symbol of the black cat, witches, bat and spiders, all symbol of evil or bad things, and the story of the dead roaming the earth, etc., you have a bunch of people thinking that halloween is bad.. nevermind the fact that it wa started a a celebration of the end of the harvest and the beginning of winter, nor that the halloween that we observe wa actually started by the ""church"" to honor saint and to cleanse the spirit of the dead so they may go into heaven."
cant believe i'm waisting my two little fingered typing energy here but baby just had to say___back away from the drug and be a good little idiot..!!!!!
they were soldier in the war. also white men who couldn't fight put their slave in the war for them. the african american woman i think helped the wounded.
ever heard of the crusades? one prime example of the force with which religion is often spread.
"ya, here in korea they use 'konglish'. . in both case i would guess it's a way to incorporate new foreign word quickly into the existing language."
"wow, where have you been all these years. are there steam car where you are? many country are pretty modern now, even closed country like china and vietnam are open to technology and may be more advance than people know them for.. . guess time for you to venture out of your shell and see what is happening around you."
"the pilgrim did indeed have turkey to eat but they were small gamy birds- not like the butter ball of today.they also had chicken pie and several other goodies.. . besides, we like turkey."
"i don't understand what you typed. ""how do i college?"" trying working on grammar first. sadly anyone is allowed to attend community college no matter how illiterate you are."
"i think you meant mean of transportation...horse and buggy. because they do not believe in thing that are manufactured on an assembly line, like cars."
"each wine region ha it own shape of bottle by custom. the tradition go back to the early day of wine in bottles. the chardonnay bottle is a reflection of the burgundy wine region. this doe not hold a true with american, chilean, and australian wine though your better wine maker follow the it."
"brandy is a distilled spirit, made from fermented fruit. the simple term brandy, when used by itself, always refers to a spirit that ha been distilled from grape wine.. . whisky, or whiskey, refers to a broad category of alcoholic beverage that are distilled from grain and aged in oak casks. different grain are used for different varieties, including barley, malted barley, rye, malted rye, wheat, and maize or corn."
"they are one of the same.. evolution brings about revolution,. and revolution come from evolution.. so without one you do not get the other."
short of locking teenager in individual cell for the entirety of their teenage years?. . there is absolutely nothing that can be done. just accept it.
"black friday, the day after thanksgiving in the united states, is historically one of the busiest retail shopping day of the year. many consider it the ""official"" beginning to the holiday season. most retailer will open very early and usually provide massive discount on their products."
"they (tfl) would argue it is better value for money etc. you could always use a prepay oyster instead if you're only making one return journey, which would cost you £3 a day and would therefore be cheaper than a one day travelcard..."
"we can't. legally, we can't. when population get so low, specie are put on the endangered list."
"i assume you re referring to the native north american peoples,they are impoverished due to my ancestor the euro/whites who raped their women,stole their land,and murdered their people,and have held them in captivity within the indian concentration camps.. the great and proud people of the many band deserve better."
"if you don't research the author and publisher of a book, you might reference a book that ha unverified information in it. good publisher always verify the information in a book that they are publishing.. . book tend to be out of date, sooner than information you might get on the internet. some book have many editions, and if you aren't using information from the latest edition, there may be change made that you aren't aware of."
because you have too much free time and nothing better to do! perhaps you should consider getting a job.
"hey im a guy (15, sophomore) and i have to tell u ive struggled w. this a lot.....haha yah. well the category u chose is perfect because being outgoing/social definatly fit in oursociety& culture and mostly our etiquette..........well i can tell u that it is not easy to break the barrier......well let me make my story short : i wa liek rlly fat last year (liek eew) and at the end of summer i wa lookin' very different i became thin and changed my image, i started talkin2 ppl more and they want 2 talk2 me....but still need to be more talkative...it take time ....so change is good iguess......but hey it depends.....bec. my junior friend got carried away, she wanted2 be popular and all and she started hanging out w. a popular friend and now my junior friend think shes a b**chand they talk bad about her and all.......so yah........careful.....change if u want2 but dont become tooo selfish liek my junior friend."
have you checked out any site like kodak etc they may give you some information for your project.good luck!!!
"they need to grow up and realize that it is just a game! a lot of the people, though that stand in line buy a many a they can and they put them on ebay for more than twice what they are worth, and some parent are so afraid of disappointing their child at christmas that they are willing to pay the extra money. sorry, but my son will never have a video game unless he save his allowance to purchase it himself, and he will have time limit if he doe get one."
"the part of the sabbath breaker came through, did you forget to include the part of the rapist? if you are going to ask u to compare verses, we need both please.. . thanks!"
"kebab (from persian کباب, kabāb) mean ""grilled (or broiled) meat"" in persian and turkish (spelled kebap in turkish).. . döner kebab, literally ""rotating meat"" in turkish, is a sliced lamb or chicken loaf slowly roasted on a vertical rotating spit.. . shish kebab (şiş kebap in turkish) is a wooden or metal stick (a skewer in turkish). the name literally mean 'skewer of grilled meat' in persian."
"depends what type of flower, but pale yellow creates an iinteresting image in place of the white, and if you combine fine line of some darker color (blue, red, green especially) you'll have a color close to black. experiment and have fun!"
"i'm not sure, but think you'll get some indication that either is likely....when my beloved chicago cub ***finally*** manage to win the world series (despairing moan). or when hell put in an order for 20 million pair of ice skates.. . i'll bet a nickle on ""world peace"" happening first....but it will probably only occur when there are only about 100 people alive, worldwide....."
"copper distributes the heat better and offer the most even form of cooking. they are best for such high-heat, fast-cooking technique a sautéing."
"that is a misconception. oklahoman are bad drivers. now if they are asian and live in oklahoma, that can't be helped."
"maybe unlike the current religious leaders, he wa more concerned with saving people than forcing them to bend to his will. maybe someone should tell the republicans."
"all thing create wa meant to be good.. the atomic bomb wa created to stop the war.. however, it had been misused by people.. do you think the knife is a good invention, but people used it to kill... fire too..and water.... . if you only look at the bad things.. you will not see any good... what about tree and flower and light and snow and four season and the food on your table???. . you must have believed in his existence since you put the blame on him...if you think he's crap and non-existence, then you wouldn't have ask this question..."
im from miami and well yea the traffic horrible the place is overpopulated if you ask me and to many cops!!!!!
the washing machine steal them and sell them on ebay! . . x
"unfortunately, a much a this type of forum is helpful, people feel comfortable to use it to vent their frustration because it is anonymous and people know that they can get away with being rude, when normally, they would never be this way in a face to face conversation. people who are rude for the sake of being rude on the internet are coward because they are aware that there are no ramification for their actions."
god created u to have fellowship with him. it's that simple.
is that higher than in 2004 or lower ?. . because they wanted too ...
"a southern thing.........it works..............drop a little of your (cooking) fudge into a glass of cool tap water. when it form a ball that go all the way to the bottom of the glass without coming apart, it is ready to set."
"confessing sin immediately recognized, being in god's will and choosing what is pure, noble, trustworthy, etc. it is a choice. every habit wa a choice. read god's word and truly apply it to life."
"supply and the kind of demand.. . those who actually buy those one way are either a) businessmen whose company are paying for the tickets, so it doesn't matter, or b) those you really don't plan on returning to the us, and thus are probably willing to pay those prices.. . in our economy, the price is set according to what the market can bear... the airline aren't completely insane (most of the time)."
god owns you..and all the patent anyways..so why would he need to be patent? he made everything..owns everything..and control all in the future. yes we have freewill to be idiots..but he still love us. :)
actually if memory serf me correctly zorro wa completely a hollywood invention. it ha no basis in real mexican folk lore.
"get an agent, or look on the internet for suitable auditions. but u should start (if you don't already) going to a drama class. they teach u lot of helpful technique and help u be a better actor. good luck!"
"because people are too lazy to bother checking facts. instead they just believe any old thing they're told and retell it in turn. you see this in everyday life, when people gossip."
i have often wondered about the same thing. stupid people don't get depressed a much because they don't have sense enough to see what kind of shape their life are in.
"not 'did', try 'does', we're domestic dependent sovereigns, which is why treaty were signed between the u and ratified by the congress, just a nation did. not all tribe used the treaty process, however, including mine. a you know, not all the treaty were kept, however, we did keep our independent governments, etc., although we're in the 'confines' of state boundaries."
"tell them how much better your wife or girlfriend headlight are compared to theirs! just take the humorous road and don't get offended a woman tend to find something out of nothing and if your eye have drifted once, it mean every woman at your work know about it and are just waiting for their chance to join in the gossip session about how you did it to them. just focus more on their face, iook at people mouths."
"hmm try to set little goals... maybe say to urself ""after i read this chapter i will get myself an icecream"" hehe :op. i dont know.. just try to motivate urself to read!. good luck"
"human being are the only creature that posse both a mortal biological nature and an immortal spiritual nature in the image of god. this differentiates human from every other form of creation. angel have only an immortal spiritual nature, no biological nature, while animal have only a biological nature, no immortal spiritual nature. human being are also ""the summit of the creator's work"" [catechism of the catholic church]."
"box car child ha always been my favorite, love the way these child found away of survival, and i think it ha helped me with my survival through out life. yes, it is a child's book, and it ha always stood out in my mind through out all my growing up, and have encouraged my child to read it and to their child a well."
"they are afraid of the truth. it alot easier not to look at the problem, and have it removed."
"people are afraid because sex crime do so much damage in the victim's life, even if the crime wa minor or moderate. nobody want to be the next victim."
it balsamic vinegar that ha been cooked down example.. 1 cup of vine cooked down to 1/2 cup it ha been reduced. a reduction.
"you could get a meat thermonmeter and pull the burger off when they hit about 145 to 150 degree f in the center. (the time depends on how thick the burger is.) then you put them in a foil pouch to let them rest and let the juice re-distrubute for 5 to 7 minutes. the temperture should increase by about 5 degree while they rest, so food illness is decreased."
you can't put milk product on a turkey sandwich if you want it to be kosher. i'm not sure about halal.
how many time do we still to see this question????????????????????????
i would say for it castles. the most famous one is probably neuschwanstein.
"they are three different entities. the byzantine empire came into being soon after the fall of the roman empire. the ottoman empire spanned much of the middle east, egypt and the balkans. turkish is a language, or the name for a person from turkey, which is a country that wa in both the byzantine and ottoman empires."
"because everything is the checker fault. or the average customer isn't that smart to figure out who they're really pissed off at and since they feel you really can't say anything back to them, they take their frustration out on you"
"ah, the true meaning.....celebrate the birth/death of jesus. the gift he and his father gave us: free-will, beautiful landscape, a universe that is a diverse a you and i. i think of all these things. it's more about giving than receiving, it's about family, coming together to share a moment in time, that will never come again."
he wrote his signature so large so that the king of england would not need to put on his reading glass to see his signature. to him it made his signing of the declaration of independence and him being a patriot that more defiant.
fill a plastic bag with 1pt of water and seal it.. push the bottom half into the half pint glass - 1pt in a 1/2pt glass. . - 10pts please
"just learn a bit about chakra vibrations--i've never heard of this primordial sound and it sound a bit shady to be. chakra vibrations, or of course, the all-powerful aum--the sound of the universe. can't go wrong with that."
"because of the regular mentos ha many little hole in it which allows the rapid expansion of gas throughout it and of the carbonated water and caffeine. for more information, watch ""mythbusters"". there are more chemical then just caffeine and carbonated water which are the ingredient to the eruption. though it ha to be a regular mentos too, it can't be a glazed one like the tropical fruit one, the hole in the mentos are essential to the eruption."
i'd go to the 1840's and stay in my home town. i'd compare the area with present times. there would also be a back wood lawyer that frequents the town to work and visit his dad and step mom that went by abe lincoln.
"to remember the lord, jesus christ and the blood he shed on the cross for my sins. . the bread, for his body broken.. the wine, for the blood that he shed."
"take 2 eggs, a quart of milk, and half a nog. blend well. serve chilled."
"oswald would've squeeled and led the investigation to marcello, the bos of the new orleans familia. marcello had a grudge against bobby and with the tacit approval from giancana (the then bos of boss of the syndicate) who also had it in for jfk for renigging on promise made about gambling in havana and other mafie scheme in the states. marcello wa the main person behind ruby's activities. ruby wa a two bit night club owner in the marcello organization."
"remember that line from an old movie: ""the truth, you can't handle the truth."". some people can't be truthful even with themselves. of course, these people have not matured fully and you should not trust them and they don't know the concept"
"i think you should write it yourself. in my opinion, memoir and autobiography are far more readable in most case than biographies. only you know what you've lived through."
cause it hella nasty. (spray some pam on the paper towel before. it wont stick)
"go a far south a possible, the frost belt dip into south florida and can go down a far a tampa. you should have them take you to miami beach or if you can talk them into the drive go to key west on the highway. hurricane season over with and they have a motel 6."
the only way to make water boil faster is to use more heat. although cold water will boil faster that hot water. it ha something to do with how quick the change in temperature happens. just like hot water will freeze quicker than cold water.
anyone who is seriously interested in the performance and bottom line for their company or organization is going to hire the person who can best do the job. at least that ha been my experience when i made hiring decisions. i have lucked out with selecting candidate that others rejected because of what seemed to be bigotry...their loss; our gain.
"you can bring spirit into social interaction simply by the way you act. there is no need to shout at the rooftop about religion. lead by example and let society see how it should be done, instead of how it ha been portrayed by those who profess it the loudest and yet deviate the farthest from it."
"if you are speaking of material things, than judge by what you see.. . if you are speaking of spiritual things, than judge by word and actions."
"milner is a person name. a milliner is one that makes, trims, designs, or sell hat"
"i'll tell you my conception. americana's are constantly bombarded by ""food ads"" - everywhere they turn, from infancy!your status in your own community is judged by the content of your refrigerator and cupboards!poverty rain around us, in both our countries, yet we are the most ""out of shape"" and ""overweight"" of all! did you know, that when an immigrant arrives in ""either"" of our countries, that within l-year, the average weight gain is 70lbs. see, tv - food shows, mcdonald's,burger king, super size, doubles, name it - so american's aren't obsessed with food, they are inundated with it."
kiss me a lot :) alta vista translator if you don't know any spanish. which i know a little
"it is a discussion of the pop culture of generation x. instead of sex, drug and rock' n' roll of the previous generation, it delf into the pop culture of the times, including popular cereal."
i do not understand the absurdity of your question!!!!! i sure hope you don't have a degree in anything!!!!
"it wa very common for both men and woman to be executed while seated on a horse or in a cart. particularly in a cart, a number of execution can be performed at once, with everyone's noose over the scaffold at the same time and then being yanked out a the cart moved. this wa not usually enough to kill someone right away like dropping someone from a height in a noose does, so friend of the executed sometimes would pull on a condemned person's leg to strangle them faster. see an account of such a hanging in link one, below (skip down if you're not interested in other background material)."
"well dear, your answer to some of my question were rude. nice one, that isnt funny."
"this is not high-tech at all, but i use hairspray. a couple of light coat of cheap hairspray (aerosol--if you can find it--the pump stuff doesn't work very well a it tends to squirt larger droplets; the aerosol ha a finer mist) will give a cheap, quick protective layer that prevents charcoal and graphite from smearing and smudging, even on rolled up papers."
"a quinceanera is a symbolic ""party"" to introduce young female into society... in the old day these ""parties"" were given so that the county men could meet the available female of the family for the first time. these ""parties"" are celebrated in many latin country and are the equivalent to the sweet 16 parties."
"""ein wundervoller berater"". another word for counsellor is ""ratgeber"", which is seldom used these days.. the answer below me suffers from 2 grammatical mistakes. that translation should have read like this: ""ein ausgezeichneter berater"" (for a male) or ""eine ausgezeichnete beraterin"" (for a female)."
you may be suffering form a mild depression and you may need help to deal with it. inless it is caused by a know reason which need to be dealt with it may require medication. you should talk to you doctor about this. many others suffer from the same problem.
"you could turn it up a little, but then it may cook too fast on the bottom (possibly burn) and be unfinished in the middle. i would just go with the recommended time and temp. brownie are too yummy to just go to waste. :)"
cute and spunky yet sophisticated?. . just a guess
"because thier nasty a eva and they don't care who they touch. thats why i don't touch no body hand with their nasty a**, and for the guy who said he only do it when he see ppls looking at him thats really nasty i hope you don't work in a kicthen, cooking ppls food nasty hand fool."
"sahih al-bukhari, volume 7, book 72, hadith # 780: the prophet said, ""do the opposite of what the pagan do. keep the beard and cut the moustache short."""
to answer the first question...people feel the need to have question removed taht challenge their belief mostly becasue they don't want the idea that there is any legitimacy to anything beyond what they believe to be accepted. they have decided what they believe is the only way to believe and everything else is worng and ha to be kept away from everyone else.. . and a to the second question...aint.
"people tend to think that everything is know in term of history, because it is 'history'.. however once you start studying it you will realize that it is just a science like all the others, with thing that have been discovered and thing that are waiting to be asked about, investigated, hypothesis need to be furthered etc. it doesn't sound a fancy a 'communication super highways'etc, but rest assured it is just a needed .."
"actually the only skill of angel listed in the bible are killing, eating and lying. and i challenge anybody to prove different.bible angel do not heal, save, protect or support. oops one mistake, they wrestle people on ladder and break hip (jacob)"
"religion is rigid and narrow. humanism is flexible and broad. hence religion can become irrelevant over a period of time a change take place in the world, but humanism remains relevant all the time because it adapts to change without diluting the prime purpose of good of the humanity in general!!"
"because basset hound are just the right height! and everyone know the basset hound motto is, ""running with my gnomies""!"
"the only way you become comfortable with it is over time. the hardest part is to accept yourself for who you are. the first person you tell is the hardest person to tell, and after that it get easier each time."
"he's trying to give you a little hope and show you that no matter how bad it is where you are, there is always someone who love you. ho ho ho merry christmas"
"you don't! you can put cedar sachet in them, though. they absorb moisture, reduce odors, help retain shape, and help shoe last longer. also, i sometimes wear sock over my pointe shoe when they're new, at least at the barre, to keep them pretty longer."
a coconut ha a very tough wooden like shell with a thin layer of white substance that cover the inside of the shell and is filled with coconut milk. a chestnut ha a spiny cover that open up when it dry with 2-4 nut inside. the nut are in a thin wooden shell and can be roasted and cracked open and ate.
"i didn't know what it meant either...now i think it's kind of dumb...i mean isn't everyone emotional?? man, the thing people come up with...i mean, come on, you wanna advertise that you're suicidal and depressed? i don't get it."
"the particular quality of impressionist painitngs are. . 1. insistance on painting the present moment.. 2. painting completed ""plein air"" (on location)."
"indonesian (bahasa indonesia) is the official language of indonesia. indonesian is a standardised dialect of the malay language that wa officially defined with the declaration of indonesian independence in 1945, and the two language remain quite similar.. . the malay language, also known locally a bahasa melayu or bahasa malaysia, is an austronesian language spoken by the malay people who reside in the malay peninsula, southern thailand, the philippines, singapore, central eastern sumatra, the riau islands, and part of the coast of borneo. it is an official language of malaysia, brunei and singapore."
"malnourishment : it is the wrong food habit or improper diet. many people think that malnourishment mean only undernourishments, but obesity is also due to wrong food habit and come under malnourishment"
"mix 97.1 north platte,ne is off the air too. i think they are having problems. it's been on and off for a week now."
"i understand you completely. i'm in the same place right now, but probably for completely different reason (i am not a wife - wrong plumbing in the downstairs area - and the kid are grown up, flown the nest).. don't look for the answer in the bottom of a liquor bottle - i tried that and all it doe is give you an expensive and unhealthy addiction.. sometimes, the thing that work best for me is conjuring a mental image of a simple cartoon that wa doing the round a few year back. a pelican or some-such large bird with a frog's rear leg produding from it's mouth, but also the frog's ""hands"" - the frog is attempting to strangle the bird and the caption read - ""never give up"".. mail me sometime, we cah share shoulder to cry on."
"yes they cant do anything for their soul but we can. thats why we pray for them, they need us. god accepts our prays for everyone, he/she doesnt have to be alive. if you are happy and satisfied from someone and if he/she is dead, you pray for him and god listens your pray and relief him/her for his/her good behaviour."
"sorcerer's stone wa the american edition, pilosopher's stone wa the england edition. . they are over-all the same book."
"you can use regular popcorn in the microwave, but you need a special microwave popper. these popper are usually made of plastic or resin. you can find a microwave popcorn popper at your local walmart, target, k-mart, or similar store.. . (sources include link to 2 different brand of microwave popcorn poppers.)"
"they abdicated their responsibility to oversee the government, instead allowing augustus to run things. by the time he died, they were prepared to let a strong man be the boss, where in the republic the senate ran things, choosing the direction the government should follow."
"local, state and government worker who have been tested and got placed for a job on merit.. city hall employees. state employees. all employee of federal government agencies."
i always thought purgatory wa a place between heaven and hell. that catholic would pray people out of .. the lost soul around u are not of god .(yet)
"interesting. my first thought is werewolves, since they're closely associated with women, having that same time-of- the-month problem. perhaps you've got a guardian of some sort living there."
"i assume you're talking about the main language a person speaks.. . it is the primary language that a person is brought up to speak. in an english-speaking country, most people's mother tongue is english. however, if someone who ha lived in this country all his/her life ha parent from italy (for example) his/her mother tongue would be italian, if they spoke it at home all the time, or italian and english if he/she wa brought up to speak both equally well and fluently."
"a long a there are people, you will have violence,, but a super idea. happy thanksgiving"
microwace you can microwave anything and it the easiest way to do canned vegitables or in a pot. whichever you like
"why would you want to? yes i know, hate is bad and all that, but isn't the ability to hate (and love, and grieve) what make u human?"
"hi butterfly... you can find all this on the internet but for me i cook alot and your 22 pd turkey need . 4 1/2 hr at 350 and cover your bird with foil or a covered roasting pan and place either chicken broth or water in pan depending on how much gravy you want to make ..i use for that size 3 cps water because water will come from the turkey too and cook it with breast down so it stay really moist, the last hour of roasting flip the bird to roast the skin on breast , god bless your hand that prepare this meal...laney"
"overpriced food for those with too much money and not enough common sense. food grown without using any man-made chemicals: pesticides, fertilizers, soil ammendments, etc.. plant do not discriminate against man-made chemical - if they need it for their growth or if it benefit them, they will use it."
"good: carefree, optimistic, social, family-oriented. . bad: materialistic, jealous, judgmental, very good at the art of denial"
"horror flick fascinate anybody, it's like going on a roller coaster. we know it's not real or dangerous but we like to freak out sometimes."
"if you are referring to germany gaining it's ""freedom"" via the process of becoming a unified nation of german peoples, you'll definitely want to research the prussian prime minister and diplomat, otto von bismark. bismark is one of the most prominent historical figure assosciated with the rise of german nationalism and the formation of a unified germany, which took place during the later half of the 19th century."
"william ""smokey"" robinson, jr. (born february 19, 1940) is an american r&b and soul singer and songwriter. robinson is noted for being one of the primary figure associated with the motown record label, second only to the company's founder, berry gordy. a both a member of motown group the miracle and a solo artist, robinson recorded seventy top 40 hit for motown between 1959 and 1990, and also served a the company's vice president from 1961 to 1988."
they get to know each other better and are friends. such friendship is a very good thing.
the same reason why in every country you go to you will find the same type of people but all have different beliefs. that is what freewill is about. what difference doe it make anyway.
"same way it did the rest of the world, that is why it wa great it effected the whole world. it also allowed hitler to come to power in germany which had to be the biggest problem in europe."
"you make a good point. these day it seems that when the medium talk about the different race they'll say ""african-american"", ""hispanics"", ""asian-american"", ""arab-american"", etc., but will still use the term ""white"" for people of european descent. if no other race is referred to a a color anymore why should we still be?"
take the automated people mover. the first stop will be terminal 3. (there is no terminal 4)
"""magnaminous"" is an adjective, which is a lot formal, meaning very generous or forgiving,ececially toward rival,enemy, etc. for example:"" a magnominous gest/person/person"" or ""show great magnaminity toward an opponent"".. hope that is of help.. have a great day!"
"goodwill is an attitude of kindness or friendliness, and can be engendered by practicing the golden rule, or treating others a one want to be treated.. . i believe that to be true, anyway. good question."
i found some reference to greek influencing muslim philosophy. the third link show how indian muslims. were influenced by indian culture and didn't hesitate to. accept it and make rich contribution to it.
"most of the people i've known from oklahoma i've met at pow wows, and have been cherokee. i also think about will rodgers and woody guthrie when somebody mention oklahoma. and of course, the dust-bowlers of my youth. hoyt axton too."
"deja vu, literally meaning 'already seen', (deja vu translated in french), is used to describe that instance when you feel you've been through it again. it might be something a basic a just driving through a new road, and feeling like you've been through it before, and have very vague memories, or even nostalgia to it. although you might have not really been to it, you feel like you have. that is deja vu and is actually quite unexplainable to say so."
"ti the season to be jolly. with colder temperature and longer nights, it is important to remember loved one of the past, forget grudges, give, celebrate, and love. yes, a we are taught a child be good boy and girls, that applies to adult too."
were you drunk in the pub when you wrote this? :-)
"there may be a correlation between the two a far a your second question goes, but i think that the obvious answer to your first question is: there's an enormous number or racist people out there, and unfortunately, every time i'm on y! a i encounter such people..."
=because sometimes it can be amusing especially when you know he/she is a real bullcrapper! it is your common sense and experience that tell you this.
animal do see in different colors.. . and our eye do not see. it just the way our brain interpret them.
"it's like ghost sex. you think you're having it, but you're not really there."
the perfect chip to me is to wash spud but keep skin on and then chip them and chuck them in deep fat fryer ( very healthy lol) not too crispy but with soft in middle about 10 min on 190 c temp yummmyyy!!!!! then lashing of salt and tommy sauce.
"the word ""passion"" is from a latin word which mean ""suffering"". from that word we also get our word ""patient"" (""suffering one"")."
"here's two link that will help you out. the first is my favorite place to get rice from, the second ha more information than you could ever possibly want (unless you are starting a rice farm<g>)."
"they probably have more energy after having had a good meal, instead of starving themselves to look like a model.. . anyways, it's always what's on the inside that counts."
"it is important to the world. lead to knowlege, new ideas, new advances, take away ignorance, and lead to a better understanding of the world."
"it'll be a bit chilly but i doubt it'll snow. okayama is in the southern part of japan. they don't get much snow, if any.. . in december, the average high is 52.3 f, 11 c and the average low is 36.7 f, 3 c."
cracker is a racist term used by people(generally black) against white people. you should have hung that racist pr1ck there is no room in the world for racism.
"a body to be cremated is first placed in a container for cremation, which can be a simple corrugated cardboard box or a wooden casket. most casket manufacturer provide a line of casket specially built for cremation. another option is a cardboard box that fit inside a wooden shell designed to look like a traditional casket. after the funeral service the interior box is removed the entire process usually take about two hours."
"it ended for japan when the united state dropped two atomic bomb on two of japan's cities. it ended in europe when berlin, germany wa captured by the united state and russia."
get him an electic blanket. they're a must have.
"to let your mail carrier know that there is outgoing mail. if the falg is not up, and he/shee ha no mail for that box, they can skip to the next one."
"""to toast or not to toast, that is the question"". ""get toasted"""
boulder is a very nice town for families. (just don't expect your child to grow up to be political or social conservatives.). . p - boulder is le liberal than colorado spring is conservative.
"a vinod b stated, the ""slogan"" for the nazi party wa ""ein volk, ein reich, ein führer"" (""one people, one state, one leader"").. . there were *many* other slogan used by the nazi prior to and following their gaining of power in 1933 germany. just take a look at the propaganda poster in my source(s)."
"hindsight 20/20 is where you know exactly what you should have done after the fact, but of course this doe you no good. an example is when you have just had an argument with a person, and you think of a comeback after that person ha already left."
"""mission-critical"" mean high pressure or on the verge of failure.. . ""bleeding-edge"" or ""leading edge?"" ""leading-edge"" technology is brand new technology that is only just being tested in a market, which is why they are saying there are plenty of unsolved issue related to security and reliability, however, many will risk it because of the (supposed) advantage it gives."
"a generic interpretation is an improvement in the traditional way of model interpretation. instead of making a model, a policy statement with the same characteristic is made and a a result, you have a table of performance and you can very well find out where is difference is ....and understand why it is."
"heresy were present even from the time of christ and shortly after. in his letters, the apostle paul even addressed one of the gnostic heresies. the same heresy have repeated through history and are even present today under the name of other religion in the last few decades. it may have seemed like they were more common by the 13th and 14th century but they have always been common."
"i've seen it happen on film. they really can't give an explanation, just guesses."
there are really too many to list a a lot of color are used for multiple charities. sorry!
"that's easy. when a couple hugs, the man put his hand on the woman hip or all the way in her lower back and naughty one go further down. friend embrace, either grabbing the upper arm or a full squeeze around the middle back."
"you cant hide your true self too long, it will come out eventually. the best time to do it is when everyone is around so you can share your feeling with them all there, and people wont be able to gossip and say thing like omg he or she did this at this time. you will have everyone there so they can ask question if needed (prolly not). good luck!"
"i'm thinking it may be a statement of allowing the people of god to be in contact with those who serve him directly. i'm neither a catholic nor a historian on the saints, so a better answer is likely to follow."
i hope you never find out because i love your silly questions. there should be more like this one here to make the site a little more fun. lol. :-d
woman in athens were not respected a woman in sparta. they were considered inferior and property of their husband or their father. they were not allowed to be educated and the only education they could get wa from a domestic slave who had previously learned how to read and write. they were not allowed to participate in the public life of the city and most of the time they stayed in the house
some office have secret santa and games. karaoke would be fun. only one free drink though? it should be an open bar.
why africa?. . what is the meaning of any nationality?
"honestly, you could turn that question around. black are just a prejudice towards white a white are too blacks. just something for everyone to ponder. no offence, but it's true."
"pre-occupy yourself in what god think of you and you will forget about people. i used to do that year ago and stopped when i realized that you will never be able to please people, but you can always please god. and he is greater that anyone i love."
"darlin tari behnpani mane bahu mail mokle..che....su chale che kai navu thau...../?. . gujarati - darling, your girlfriend is sending lot of mail to me...is there something new happening?"
"do you ask out of compassion for them or because you don't like looking at them?. . many are mentally ill and thanks to the great fornicator, ronald reagan, have no place of refuge."
"they didn't. the relative myth of the hari-kari pilot ha been grossly exagereted over the years. the squadron of suicide pilot wa only formed during the latter desperate day of the war, and le than 40 pilot went out on such missions, with several of them returning when their target could not be located."
"there's actually a very good reason for wearing white (or another neutral colour) while painting - because if you wear coloured clothing, that colour will reflect onto what you're painting and throw your colour balance off.. . i'm not kidding - i learned this from an outdoor painter, tried it, and wa surprised at the difference it make in my art.. . also, white reflects more light back onto your artwork, giving you an additional light source.. . yes, this is also my answer to a similar question from last week..."
"go to ""insert"" on the toolbar and select ""symbols"". they should be in there."
"""star-crossed lovers"" are lover whose relationship is destined to fail. this is based off of astrology. people who believe in astrology believe that the star control destiny."
"that is why i left the catholic church.you forgot praying to saints, graven images,and rituals.i am christian, i study my. bible and i try to follow the word of jesus."
"white wine should be served around 50-55 deg f. except for dessert wine which should be served at the same temp. a reds, 65-70 . deg. f"
we're all here to fart around. don't let anyone tell you any different
"ett-ling-ehn. . ( 'ling' pronounced a if it rhyme with 'thing', so not a hard 'g')"
"""bons baisers"" used to be used at the end of letter to say ""love and kisses"". however, french friend now won't allow me to say it and i have to say thing like ""bisous"" instead because ""baiser"" is now associated with sexual intercourse. the james bond film ""from russia with love"" wa ""bons baisers de la russie"" in french. maybe it's his fault!"
"""a thing of beauty is joy for ever""! some thing that we want to see again and again, some thing that we never tire seeing again and again, ha beauty, is beautiful! true friendship is beautiful!"
"i agree with byzantino's answer: ""may god be with you"" is correct but in spanish we also use it like ""godspeed"" ( good fortune; success (used a a wish to a person starting on a journey, a new venture, etc.)."
"because food going off mean there is too much bacteria in them to make them safe to eat (there is a certain amount of bacteria in all food now matter how fresh). when there is too much bacteria in the food to make it edible, the expansion is evidence of the bug multiplying and, shall we say, making gas."
"yeah, what about peeing all over the toilet seat, that's what the sanitary paper is for to place on top the toilet seat and sit on top of it. instead of squatting spraying the seat with pee...."
giggly is called blond because people think that blond are always laughing . blond have a bad rep because a few people that are blond ask stupid all the time
what's your budget? secret santa's are normally low budget so why not get something fun like a capatian's cap. i remember my grandad had a mug with captain on it and my grandma had one with first mate. or practical get some sailing map or a book on good place to sail to with advice on mooring etc.
"the tone can be described a mysterious, gloomy, and melancholy. the story give the reader a need to reflect upon the meaning of many ideal and value that we have come to hold a important."
"7th, february of 2005. if a could change this day, i would do anything to avoid the car accident that killed my love."
"slavery wa one of the main conflict between north n south, south wanted slavery because their economy relied on farming while the north wa more advanced with an industrial economy, southerner supported state right while the north wa more for a strong central government. major compromise that split the north and south wa the annexation of texas and florida to the union. this gave the south more power than the north in the senate. some court supported slave and their freedom, that anger the south because they did not want to recognize slave a human but property."
muslim army never reached indonesia. now it's the biggest muslim country. that say a lot. the one who said sell your clothes and buy sword is king jesus the son of mary.
"the definition of art is ""that which is formed with the purpose of being found interesting"".. . the better art, therefore, is the type that is found interesting.. . and interesting art is made by interesting people."
"winter ha a taste and a smell. it is very clean and crisp, and snow taste like shaved ice but different--hard to describe, but nice."
human are like sheep; they feel securer and safe when they are in 'categories' or in groups. if they are one of their kind and/or on their own they're much weaker.
"i would say a large part of their ""success"" wa due to external factors. the film the clansman heroized them, woodrow wilson supported them..."
"raccoon = waschbär in german. it mean ""washing bear"", because of it habit to make washing movement with it front paws."
"the wine wa the 1982 chateau angelus, a grand cru classe from the st. emilion region of bordeaux, france. it's mostly merlot, with the balance being cabernet franc."
"i believe that insecurity is the inability to stand by your own opinion and do what you want to do. it make a person absolutely need positive reinforcement and constant approval from everyone that they encounter. they will mold themselves into all sort of different setting and other people because they are afraid to say no or to be told that they are not good enough. woman will sometimes do and be whatever the man in their life wants, because they are insecure and put so little value on their own lives."
it's a slang word where i am from and in it's context doe not mean anything close to what the white people meant when they said it. but on the contrary i do not use that word and i don't take offense if a black or white person say it. come in we are in the year 2006 slavery day are over people need to lighten up and stop using philosophy on every little thing.
"double chocolate ice cream (the name of the chocolate)"" dipped ""- is the ice cream dipped in a chocolate sauce which hardens immediately on the ice cream (on a cone) .they call this a double chocolate dipped ice cream. very tasty! ( try one at dairy queen ice cream parlour.)"
"different bar close at different times. some will close at their regular hour (on sunday, the latest a bar can stay open is4 a.m., if they have a 4 a.m. license). some might close early because a) most of the people are at home wrapping present or left town or b) the people who work at the bar want to get home and do their last minute shopping, wrap their own gifts, etc. so i guess it all depends on where you are."
"juice is mixed with water. nectar is the ""raw"" liquid from the fruit or whatever"
is your friend a happy to be kissing same sex person? if they are just pucker up and go !! if you aren't sure they will welcome a kiss sound it out and say you have such beautiful lip i would love to kiss them - you wll either get a shocked look or they will close eye and away to go.
don't come here looking for real. simple a that.
first of all therapist don't make you happy. you make you happy. try to find something you love doing and stick to it when you feel down or depressed.
"and there are how many billion chinese? this alone should prove that your hoohoo is long enough. any longer and the chinese would overrun the planet. if anything, it should be made shorter, not longer."
"they are cousins. i think turkey taste better. but you know what, i dont really know the difference either lol"
"they follow a set of dietary rule called ""the word of wisdom"" that one of the founder of the religion wrote, i think joseph smith.. . meat in moderation, no booze, no tobacco, no caffeine - actually good common sense and healthy too."
"you have it backwards, it wa the nazi who had the hostile behavior toward the jews. certainly in a political sense, any clear thinking group came to understand that the nazi in power wa bad for all, however, by then it wa too late and the nazi were killing their enemies."
the meaning is found in capitalism. buy this talisman so you look cool and i make money.. . pretty clear.
"the time difference between bangkok, thailand & india is only 1.5 hours. for example, if bangkok time is 22:20, then the time in india is 20:50."
dead or alive. dead on arrival. drunk on arrival.. and also. deaddrunk on arrival.
"oh, you mean green bean casserole. green bean salad is something completely different. the casserole ha always been popular. maybe you've just noticed it lately."
unless they are totally mindless question i enjoy them too. it help to lighten up the mood here.
"they are not considered ""white"" but caucaisan do to there similarity to other caucasoids for example skull structure/nose structure. one can be caucasian but not nessecarily white."
because depression is an illness that cant be seen. if someone had a broken leg or no leg at all they would have some kind of empathy for them but people who suffer from deep depression dont have physical symtoms that people can see. unless someone ha experienced severe depression they should consider themselves blessed. it is hell.
why!? because they were being exterminated by the nazis! how? by changing their name and moving to other country where hitler hadn't taken over yet.
"read ""the mysterious stranger"" by mark twain. it ha the answer."
better question yet... why would you want to?. . it's hard to argue if you can't speak the same language
muslim are always angry. only death and destruction really plea them.
"don't just love people and let them make their own mistakes, it's. their right you know."
"smooth sex in a tight bathroom on an airplane, preferably while it is in the air at a high altitude. just don't get your foot stuck in the, well, toilet hole. no one like blue wet socks."
"it's pain. they are in so much pain that they self-destruct in order to stop it. they do value life, ironically, if they didn't, they would not try to stop the pain in their life."
people misunderstand because they don't take the time to truly understand. most of u are just waiting until it is our turn to talk instead of actively listening (and observing) to what people are trying to tell us.
"to protect important sheet of paper, posters, and other thing from tearing, stains, etc. it kinda also perserves what ever it is that ha been laminated."
just got back from canada . . great country nice people ha some beautiful countryside.and the rocky mountain breathtaking.. . it there loss if they don't go but don't see many advert for canada more publicity is required
"make yourself look unavailable..or put up the busy signal on your msn if you are only able to talk to one person at a time, that way if they message you then you can ignore them but it wont look like you are because your icon say busy. there is nothign rude with that..and if you want to speak to someone else just tell the other person you have to go and they will not be able to tell if you are online or not."
hahahahahahahahaha!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. thats funny for me not even believing in jesus god thingie.. hahahahahahahahahaha!
"i had to choose a play for my play production class and i happened upon the humana festival play collections. they're full of new short play that are truly great. the play collection in a library can be overwhelming, and these are guaranteed great shows."
"like most early religions, the condemnation of education wa a way for the church to control the people. it's unfortunate but it is a fact that all religion are power based pushing their agenda and loosing sight of what god asks of man. there is a big difference in being spiritual and being religious. i would say that any religion would be better than no religion but we must search our heart to find a true religion for ourselves and not just follow the man made teaching because it's convenient"
"it season the dish and brings out the flavor. if you overdo the seasonings/spices, it overpowers the dish."
"the university doe not have a porn line. oh, pom line, nevermind!"
"religious affiliation can be a positive when it provides a social support network for people that go beyond immediate family. this can be good if the group is truly caring of the other member and if their support is based on love rather than on judgement and criticism of others.. religion can also be positive if it creates a framework for behaviour that is beneficial to the fabric of society. but this framework must be broad, flexible and inclusive in order to accommodate the diversity of the human experience."
"talent, experience (like acting like your guyfriend`s joke are funny), and an agent. hey, wasn`t this question asked before? by you?"
"i dunno, about that. there is a lot of agreement amongst us, but there are also a great amount of difference too. there are even republican atheist if you can believe that. also don't forget about the raelians and most buddhists..they are technically atheist too, but have came to very different conclusions."
one can only be proud of the beauty in life and try to live a good. life never trying to be proud personally but serving and humble.
ur brain cast this question to yahoo! answer under the influence of ur heart.. . i am having the both.
"i bought a player's guide (xii) and just copied what i saw. it's pretty inspiring and can help a bit with studying anatomy/proportions. however, it is rather expensive, since 19/20 of it is information about the game..."
"this he had correct. all human behavior is normal. it fit under a normal curve. people confuse being "" abnormal "" with some data point that is in the tail of the curve; two or three standard deviation from the mean."
"no, ther really is not much more to it than that. it allows for the meat to cool faster, it take up a lot le space for refrigeration. it also allows for proper and even re-heating for the next day leftovers."
thats not half a scary a what it can do to nails. try putting a metal nail in a cup of coke and look at it a day later.
"because you are still committing them. disobedience, discontentment, envy and greed. give in to temptation."
depends on where you are traveling from an your nationality. you should contact your nearest irish embassy or consultate.
"i believe it grew out of an article he did for the new yorker. by the way, harper lee, the author of to kill a mockingbird, accompanied him to holcomb. it also appears that she did a major share of the research, but never really got credit."
"hello:. montezuma wore green a his headdress colour because it wa in praise of the land that he ruled. also it wa copied after the green in a peacock feather with show beauty, strenght and power.. thanks. iamjustrandy"
i think it's because of a lack of understanding or knowledge of something that is different to the way we were taught growing up. ignorance about the unknown can cause fear which seems to make people lash out.
"individual counseling is one on one between the counselor and the client. a opposed to group counseling or marital or family counseling., where other people are involved. in individual counseling, the emphasis and focus is on the treatment of the individual and often time the counselor will focus on only the individual even if that individual is married or in a relationship."
"one is ""post hoc ergo proper hoc"" meaning ""after this therefore because of this."" it refers to assuming that because one event came after another event, the first event must have caused the second."
pig squeal. squeal is like telling on someone. therefore they are called pig
"the byzantine empire wa considered the roman empire in it's time. the main difference is that the period we call the byzantine empire is during the middle ages, and during the period where the empire capitol wa located in constantinople (while the ""roman"" empire wa earlier and based in rome).. . the ""split"" of the two wa caused by a 9th century rift that caused the empire to split into an eastern roman empire (which would become known a the byzantine empire) and the western, which wa still centered in rome and wa an attempt to legitimize a new emperor supported by the pope and germanic tribes. while the eastern portion would go on to continued growth, and occasional reconquest of the western portion, the west basically slowly faded away."
use a real tree. but make sure leaf must not be withered. an wrap with ligth bulbs... and use cotton wool a snow
in western culture we have everything washing machine phone tv central heating etc someone who is materailly deprived will not have these ting in other word they so not have what the majority in their society has. it can include many item that most people would take for granted
"sure, they are letting satan in them, causing them to promote hate, and sin. apparently they are a hellbound a we are. lol.. . i love those one who say ""your going to hell for not believing"" little do they know, they are coming with me for judging me."
race other than black & white need to step up & make some noises. black people wouldn't have gotten this far without speaking up on prejudice & racial injustice. it's worth dying for.
well the cost of everything ha risen. the value of money ha just went down from decade ago.
"it is the russian alphabet, it wa created by st. cyrill based on the greek alphabet to teach the illiterate slav in order to preach to therm (this constituting one of the original difference b/w catholicism and orthodox, i.e. the language of mass)"
"to put it in short,the positive effect of inflation are it push growth and increase production.to understand thiss better,u must first be able to understand why inflation take place.. inflation is the result of too many ppl going after too le goods.eg.10 ppl going wanting to buy the 1 house.what happens is the price of the house go up.now seeing that there is demand for houses,investors will invest in houses.this lead to spending and therefore growth in a bigber picture.this is the advantage of inflation. . the disadvantage is that,it sometimes drive price up so much that a majority of the ppl can not afford to buy the good.this happens when demand rise for the product but supply remains the same(maybe since it ha reached full employment equilibirium)."
"dial +91 for india, followed by 20 for puna (not 020), then 24467680.. . 00912024467680"
"are you referring to the statue of zeus that wa once in olympia, greece? it's a wonder coz it's a 40 foot statue made out of pure gold & ivory."
good night = mayap a bengi.. . take care = mimingat ka.
"i suggest you to travel by bus, if you have le luggage. otherwise auto rickshaw."
the classic solution is a red string tied around the wrist.. . check out the site below:
i think you are assuming !!!. that is not a true fact !!!. and you know what happens when you assume !!!
grave blanket normally refer to large greenery square that are placed on graf during the winter. they can include decorative ribbon and ornaments. most cemetery only allow them in the winter when they don't have to mow.
"a far a taste, nothing is different. it's only a difference in the size of the clam in the can. chopped ha bigger chucks. minced is very, very small pieces."
the blinker is typically marked red at the tip of the light. simply remove it and replace with a solid colored light.
milk chocolate isn't real chocolate. it is so processed with sugar and milk that there is hardly any real chocolate left in it. dark chocolate is more natural and ha more antioxidants.
"4 member of a dalit (lower caste) family were killed by upper caste member in nasik, maharshtra. then 2 day ago the statue of dr babasaheb ambedkar, a revered leader of the dalits and one of the architect of the indian constitution wa desecrated at kanpur in uttar pradesh pradesh in north india. this ha led to riot in bombay by member of the dalit community where they went berserk burning bogy of 2 train , pelting rock on and burning bus and basically creating a law and order problem. i"
maybe a computer game. i just ordered one for my father in law that is called the ship and is a murder mystery. you have to figure out who the murderer is.
"maybe he could think! most likely he approached truth, more that the masses!"
"find spanish friend in yahoo, and chat with them. also you can speak with them with yahoo messenger."
"harry is a half-blood because only half of his parent were originally from the wizarding world. his dad, james, wa born a wizard, but his mother, lily, wa muggle-born, (she wa harry's aunt petunia's sister).. the fact that she became a witch doesn't make him a pure-blood wizard. both harry's parent would have to be pure-bloods for him to be pure-blood too, (like draco and his parents, lucius and narcissa)."
"wha? biologically a girl becomes a woman when she start menstrating. if you are talking about the hymen, it usually break when she ha sex for the first time but not necessarily, mine did from riding horses. you may be able to tell if she ""still a girl"" if she's really tight and it hurt her when you penetrate, but probably not."
"evolution can be observed, in real time. evolution is a fact.. . do a search on silkworm evolution research."
"no cure. yes very contagious from bodily fluids....blood, feces."
this is the concept that the more you consume the le you enjoy it.. . think of drinking a juice. the first sip are great but after drinking three liter you don't enjoy it anymore.
most often the pepper are filled with cheese and herbs. the bell pepper are pre cooked because in just cooked after they were stuffed the bell pepper would be undercooked whilst the cheese and herb are perfectly cooked. cooking the pepper before hand give the pepper a head start to cook so that they will take the same cooking time a the stuffing for it.
well give her something handmade. what are you good at.?? something that will keep close to remember you and know that you put extra effort not just spend some of your money..
"the obvious answer would be that they put dfferent chemical into their coke. and believe me, if you knew what go into making coca cola, you would understand why i use the term chemical...it's lethal and thats why it so addictive."
"well, it not just the super power that are killing, but yes we must all speak up/speak out,,,, against the ""others"" doing it, but also against those ""within our own midst"" that are guilty. . ps: of course, we have to accept that there are those in most all group that are blood thirsty,,, and will take u out in a heart beat, if we try to stop them,,,,,, so then we have to be a strong and fast and armed a they, u peacelovers do,,,,,, so then, we can become killer ourselfs,,,, which is where some of them got to where they are at, killing for the sake of a persumed peace"
are you on your rag? that can do it.
"if it's pre-cooked, then you just have to heat it up. you could cut it up and cook it in a frying pan, or just bake it at 375 until it is good and hot. good luck!"
"it's a beginning and worthwhile if you're interested in psychology, a i am. it'll probably be a bachelor of science degree. you'll need a master degree to get work actually using your psychology education, for instance a a licensed professional counselor. if you plan to teach, you'll need a doctoral degree."
"alcohol dehydrates your body, your liver and kidney are working harder than they should to filter out the toxins, so what you are eliminating is a more concentrated urea. the darker your urine, the more dehydrated you are, and the more susceptible you are to urinary tract infections. if you are going to drink alcohol, drink 2 glass of water for every can of beer or glass of what ever type of alcohol you are drinking to replenish the water lost."
"alitalia airline flight 207 from heathrow to rome, and alitalia flight 1681 form rome to florence. there are no one-ways from gatwick, heathrow or stanstead to florence."
it's difficult to think of anything non-food related for yorkshire (we must spend too much time on food!). . how about some yorkshire recipe book or even a couple of book about thing to see and do in yorkshire? there are lot with more pic than word if you need something which non-english speaker would understand.
i don't really think feminism wa there. it wa the influence of a patriarchial and moralistic society. thats my thought
because they are not using michael jordan's tennis shoes. . :> peace. .
probably dirtier than the whites. a in runny nose due to more spice
our godparent are with u for life -can't undo so choose wisely. their role is to help the parent in raising the child in their particular faith. in the old day the godparent were also the legal gaurdians should something happen - not so today but.... thei role is to help foster the child's relationship with god and teach them about daith and their denomination. they are also to support and guide the parent in matter of faith.
"i agree. knowledge is what you have been taught, what you have learned. intelligence is what you do with it, how you apply it."
how are you supose to describe how a salad taste without tasting it. and didnt you ask this question a few minute ago!!
"i do know that certain airline do require people over certain size limit to purchase two seats. not to be mean, but most economy class seat are small for an average person, and if you can't fit, you just can't fit. it's probably a traveler's nightmare to have an overly large person seated next to them, and taking a portion of the already cramped space you have. but, look on bright side, if you have to buy two seats, you should get two meals."
it is probably your fight or flight response mechanism to grave danger. people are different and have completely different fof's. there are trick to learn to calm yourself downbecause not all of these situation are truly life or death. some even do this for simple ordinary thing such a boarding a flight or going up the stage to say something in front of many people.. do breathing exercise and visualization techniques.
martin luther wa not successful it's just that a whole lot of other people were looking for an excuse to rebel. i would not call the loss of the holy eucharist a successful thing.
"im drinking a raspberry bacardi breezer, i love them! ice cold too yummy yummy, then in a sec im going to get my salt and vinegar crisp out the cupboard, and a twirl choccy bar, i dont care if it not healthy i like it!"
your ethical equilibrium will rebalance a you affirm your desire to stay on the straight and narrow by not only proclaiming that you'll avoid such thing in the future but by actually following through. your future _actions_ (not just word or intent) will soothe your concern and help set thing right in the eye of those around you.. . -craig
"that's because it ha medicinal properties.ayurveda also us it.yes,u r right it will cure u thus making u pure! and all those people who call it stupidity are themselves big stupids!!they don't know anything and are making opinion about it,bloody morons!!"
"0.187 liter: mostly called by it name, a 'split'.. . 0.750 liter: the standard bottle. legend say it size wa determined by the size bottle conveniently blown by a glass-blower's lungful of air. it is sometimes called a fifth because it is about one fifth of a gallon."
"it's not spiritual rape unless the ""victim"" see the ""rapist"" do the act. however, if the ""victim"" doesn't see the act or know about it - which is usually the case - then it isn't ""spiritual"" rape because nothing happened to the ""victim""."
no problem at all.. sorry for your loss but i can empathise with your desire to bring his ash to his father.. no permission required - maybe visit the church & introduce yourself when you arrive.. have a pleasant journey.. god bless.
"basically what it mean it that historic document must be interpreted with reference to the ""context"" of the time in which they were written - the ideas, society, customs,. world-view that wa predominant at that time.. . example: it's inappropriate to berate the founding father of the usa for allowing slavery and for not giving equal right to woman when, at the time the constitution wa written, slavery wa still a widely accepted practice and woman were not considered to be the equal of men."
"you do not ""stretch"" the vocal cords. you manipulate them. it is mostly about breath control and openness in the throat area. you must also avoid thickening your vocal cord in any way, this lead to the lessening of elasticity and therefore of range."
it mean there you go! now your uncle will make your day!
"u can tell if a person is sincere and confident by his voice, body language and his eyes. look the person you are talking to in the eyes, speak in a steady and low tone voice (ppl tend to put more trust and confidence in them compared to someone with a high pitched tone) and try not to figet."
"what is morally acceptable, peer presure, wanting to belong a sense of belonging to a group or culture. . media, government, establishments."
"talk to her or some other person you trust about it. it depends on the person for what you should do. if you think that the girl you like would talk about it with you, i'd recommend talking to her rather than to another person you trust."
"a cupcake is cake batter but baked in a muffin tin so they are small cake served with frosting. a muffin ha a denser cakey feel to it and usually ha fruit or spice added to it, think blueberry muffin or banana nut muffin. cupcake would be yellow or chocolate cake with icing."
"after researching this, my book don't show anything called ""lactrose."" i think you may be looking at a ""lactose"" typo."
internet dude...why are you asking u this.... . or . . become a photographer/film maker and do it yourself...jesss
sit back...think about what you love the most. what are you more passionate about than anything? then do it.
"shortly after making the sanctity of private property one of the core value of society, the ruling class discovered that many people of lesser value and importance were able to purchase and hold private property. when the little guy's property became of value to the ruling class, the ""common good"" suddenly appears so that the property could be confiscated."
"the same way you describe anyone else's looks. tell everything you can about colors, sizes, shapes, etc. you can describe anything if you think hard enough!"
"hotel are indoors, which your door opening up into an enclosed hallway. where a motel open up outside, to a sidewalk, usually the parking lot.. . hotel tend to be more fancy and expensive where a motel are not."
"the religon and spirituality section seems to be an all out word war about who is right, and who isn't. there are a bunch of question asked in a way that is meant to incite anger, and there are a lot of sarcastic remark made that really aren't called for, just ignore them, it isn't likely to change. provoking anyone brings out an ugly side- even christians."
"the seed were easier to pick out when using a pin. pick one out, eat it. it also made them last longer and it kept our finger from getting sticky and stained. my daughter eats them that way now (just this weekend for that matter)"
"you traditionally pop a much popcorn a the recipe instructs, make the caramel separate and bake the two together in the oven. good luck! you can add all kind of flavor and have fun!!"
wall street crash - world economic depression - hyperinflation in germany - rise to power of hitler - german expansionism - invasion of poland - ww2. . . a pretty direct causal relationship to me.
because they're all gay. some of them are pedophile a the sidekick is forced to dress the same and clearly underage.
"the weather is hot, dry and sunny. i love that time of year a it's not so hot that you can't move without sweating and the evening are cool. wear sunscreen unless you want to get burnt to a crisp. a half hour in the sun unprotected could mean day of dicomfort."
it just go to prove what absolute rubbish you can actually pay to read!. . it is true that an increasingly worrying proportion of american are overweight but the article wa being exceptionally facetious!
"shhhhhhhhhhhhh, it's a secret ? , and is a matter of national security. we don't want anyone having sensitive information that may use for subversive means."
"because they are afraid. they are scared to look at their own life and see what is missing. they are afraid to know what change they would have to endure. for some people, ignorance is bliss."
"hongkong is 2.5 hour ahead of india. if it is 9:30am in india , it is 12pm in hongkong."
"it doesn't do to complain....no one want to listen, so we may a well whistle while we work?! also, this reminded me of a saying my grandmother used to tell u every day when we'd leave...instead of saying have a good day she would say:. . ""make it a good day!"""
"according to the dictionary on-line, it doesn't mean anything.. . however, if you change the e to a d, you get dragon."
"spanish, only wrongly written. you must have copied it phonetically. ""bella chiquita"" mean ""pretty little girl"". the word for girl is ""chica"" and ""chiquita"" is the diminutive."
"hot dog are made up of leftover pig, cow, and poultry.... . lip and asshol*s though!"
all i have is a personal opinion. i knew someone who did this and it wa because they lost the grand kid parent to an accident and did not want there grand kid in foster care to never be seen again. i guess there is support group out there for the grandparent and they all have different reason for raising the kids.. see if you can find out some of the grandparent who do this and they may help get you the literature
tandoori chicken is the best way to cook chicken. it should have more flavour than any other chicken. i guess whoever made it didn't have a very good recipe.
"both group are anabaptist christian that believe in pacifism and simplified living. the amish order sprung from the attempt at jacob amman to reform the mennonite church. mennonite are generally more liberal in what convenience are allowed their members, though some of the ""old order"" still only use the traditional horse and buggy for transport and have more rigid rule regarding the ownership of technology."
"yeah, do that, and drop all the 't's and 's's , the 'th' sound into a 'd'... there are i think some more, but i have to think about it. e- mail, me, i might come up with more later. i've imigrated to canada a a kid and moved back to hong kong at like 9 and came back this summer, so i have the canadian acccent, though i can fake a chinese accent good."
a lot of people feel the same way you do. i understand what you go through. stop thinking so negatively about yourself and seek some professional counseling. ignore any advice that doe not involve professional help or group therapy.
"because you have a pessimistic view. outside of that, you don't have a positive role model to encourage and motivate you to succeed."
"you will find it in every grocery store. it is unsalted butter, sometimes referred to a sweet butter but it doe not contain sugar."
"it's when you burn something to offer it to a god or gods, usually on an altar made for this purpose - made of stone and outside. many ancient culture practiced this; it wa believed that the smoke rising to heaven and the transformation via fire sent the essence of the grain or lamb or whatever, to the god(s)."
"true wisdom is to directly see and understand for ourselves. at this level then, wisdom is to keep an open mind rather than being closed-minded, listening to other point of view rather than being bigoted; to carefully examine fact that contradict our beliefs, rather than burying our head in the sand; to be objective rather than prejudiced and partisan; to take time about forming our opinion and belief rather than just accepting the first or most emotional thing that is offered to us; and to always be ready to change our belief when fact that contradict them are presented to us. a person who doe this is certainly wise and is certain to eventually arrive at true understanding."
"you have an oxymoron here. if you believe in evolution then nothing wa created. if you believe in creation, then nothing evolved.. monkey evolved just like all other living thing here on earth.if you believe that god created monkeys, but wonder why, ask about bed-bugs, the aid virus, mosquitoes, why created envy, greed, lust. whoever created the good, also created the bad."
"he told them to revolt against their masters. it came from a document he wrote called ""appeal"" published in september 1829."
just wait til your 18 & off to college. then tell her
november 17 yeah boy!!!!!!! thats right november 17 it play all game from sony and dvds!!!!!!!!!!!!
i wouldn't use a dowsing rod for that. i think you'd be better off starting with an emf detector.
we have got to start monitoring your t.v. time spent
"any addiction... whether it be to porn, cigarettes, drugs, alchohol or even video games... is anything that take you over in a way that cause you to give up or ignore your life. if you are loosing sleep, ignoring your responsibility to your family and friends, interfering with your health or missing work to look at porn, then you might want to talk to a professional."
"ney is a casual form of nein, which mean no. it is similar to english speaker saying ""yeah"" instead of ""yes."""
"christianity split into roman catholic and protestant wing during the 16th century reformation. the basic area of disagreement were: a) the authority of the church(catholic) versus the authority of scripture alone(martin luther and the protestants). b) salvation by faith alone(martin luther) versus by faith, the sacraments, and penance(catholic church)."
"all matter ha different freezing points. your refridgerator's freezer is ideal for water which is 32 f. but other liquid like liquor, have a lower freezing point that your freezer is just not cold enough to reach. if you had a more powerful freezer that reached lower temperature (subzero), then your liquor would eventually freeze. but if you notice, even though it isn't solid, a bottle of liquor in your freezer is a little thicker than one at room temperature."
actually some can become obese by their thyroid being out of whack and others that are on prescription med can become obese quickly. it all what you put in your body and how your body store it.
"i don't know. we are all veggie and vegan here. ask in general food. i know all about sprouts, spuds,peppers etc, but sadly not turkey honey!"
"it wa great, thank you. hope yours wa a well! :-)"
try just saying random thing whether they make sense or not. draw whatever come in to your head. play whatever note come out. just do something and don't worry about a block.
"like, make plan on how to accept it and try to change it or adjust your like accordingly an screw the world opinion on who they view you and if they don't like it let them change it for the better. just keep trying that all you can do"
"hot, violent color like red inspire the performer to aggressiveness; choose only if you want to record ""rap"" music, or perhaps, nazi marching songs. wimpy colors, like pink and pastel blue, are best for recording ""muzak,"" or mushy performer like tiny tim. and black is best for heavy-metal groups...and be sure to have a few inverted pentagram on the walls, and maybe a bowl of chicken blood nearby for refreshment. seriously (if this is a serious question), the color of the wall ha absolutely nothing to do with the room acoustics."
because it truly is well written and if you take the time to understand it it really is very funny. it's not just something most people can pick up and really enjoy without trying though. because you aren't used to hearing people speak like that you have to become very familiar with it or work at it.
what is the matter with you anyway? i bet you are one of those black who went to an all-white school and wa teased about your african features...get over it! look in the mirror every morning and learn to love what god gave you. convince yourself that you are somebody special and you are beautiful because god love variety and concentrating more on being educated and bettering yourself a a person instead of your looks.
not just the girl mate...... . listen to a sexy young french bird when she is trying to tell you where to touch... wow!
"tantamount mean : equivalent in seriousness to; virtually the same as, equivalent to, equal to, a good as, more or less, much the same as, comparable to, on a par with, commensurate with. ex: the resignation were tantamount to an admission of guilt."
"every one ha silent sins--those seen and known by god and ourselves but unspoken or not done yet. god want to deal with every single bad thing in us, so let the spirit guide you. best wish and god bless."
"interesting isnt it... i know a nice expensive perfumery in our area that ha a can off ground coffee, and when you smell the different perfumes, the saleman offer the coffee to you to sort of cancel the perfume smells.. cause after a time, they all seem to smell alike.."
"""build a better mousetrap and the world will beat a path to your door."". i think it is great that you want to be a scientist, but it is no way to become famous. that is not a good motive for a scientist."
i have never heard that. spanish or mexican is hey sus.
"go to an office type of a store, like office depot.... buy the paper that is already sort of a amber color, then take it home, soak it in water a bit, let it dry.... then get a lighter and burn up the edges... just a little... don't go crazy... (make sure you're doing it outside on the concrete, where nothing can get out of control and burn something up... if you're under age, please do this with a parent.) a soon a the paper catch on fire, blow it out.... hold it burning side up too... that way the fire won't get out of control. or maybe have a bowl of water next to you too. the idea is to have the edge a little tarnished.. also, if you want to get the amber color at home (instead of buying the paper) , just soak a white page in tea or coffee and let it dry."
a strong economy. i trade in foreign currencies. one thing i notice is when a war or something of the such get started many people in asian country move their money into either the usd or the swiss franc for stability and to protect their assets.
"your brain is regaining some more oxygen and cause the rest of the body to jolt back to life because it went a few second without receiving any signal from the brain telling it to move.. . making yourself pas out is very dangerous. if you're doing that, then stop it. unless your really good with cpr, you could make someone pas out and not be able to revive them, and even then there aren't any guarantees."
probably to feel bonded and to relate. kind of like a gang.
"a fruit is actually the sweet, ripened ovary or ovary of a seed-bearing plant. a vegetable, in contrast, is an herbaceous plant cultivated for an edible part (seeds, roots, stems, leaves, bulbs, tubers, or nonsweet fruits). so, to be really nitpicky, a fruit could be a vegetable, but a vegetable could not be a fruit."
"i agree. let men be men i say. sexy, virile, stubbly, messy men. with big hands."
"dr.einstein wa a very intelligent and an innocent mind... a very rare combination. his last of desire wa to be born a a simple farmer if the re-incarnation/re-birth theory were correct, he added !. his quote are valuable because, he just put forth his life experience, which wa free from prejudice, etc... and hence the quote would help/serve a genuine seeker of knowledge !"
"because in history, vienna wa the cultural, economic and political centre in europe. it wa the capital of the austrian empire."
"i found an interesting set of article today that helped me get to thinking. google steve pavlina, discipline, and you should find them. they say that the keep to happiness is self-esteem which result from discipline."
yeah there's website that show how to draw cartoon step by step. . . good luck
yes. it is the beginning of a new storyline.
bandura's idea of self efficacy are basically the strength and belief in oneself to be able to do something. for example drinker with high self efficacy level (re their drinking) are more likely to be able to abstain from alcohol.. . 'i have no control of my drinking' eg of low efficacy statement
practice mate.....practice make perfect.....keep on communicating in english....watch english movie for pronounciation.... . keep on practising......
"woman in texas joined arkansas and don't forget oklahoma a well when they were first allowed to vote in the south, this wa ""primary suffrage"" in 1918. in texas, they campaigned for full suffrage in 1919 but it came up short, because it also would have allowed alien to vote (too much change at once i would say). they made pretty bold ""forward thinking"" statement in that those 3 along with tennessee were the only state in all of dixie to ratify the 19th amendment. there wa a number of ""arguments"" originally used that prevented woman from voting, some felt you should have to pay tax to vote, or there should only be one vote per family - not per person, or simply some said woman didn't want to vote, etc... but a wa stated it's 2006 and any registered citizen can vote."
"i have no idea neither ever listen muslim converted to christianity. however there are many number of christian converted to islam. latest example is yousuf yohana, best creicketer for pakistan cricket team converted to islam. when you don't think that muslim never convert, why do you ask such question."
"b.c celebrity tend to be egotistical and very controlling, and you would prob be abused my them in many different ways!! and if u can handle all the afore mentioned credential then ur good to go...u can handle a pig headed celebrity"
"both, in agreement. that type of one-sided decision would be poor stewardship and selfish. not god's plan for a marriage."
"in many case when people do this, it's because they feel insecure, and being ""right"" help them to feel better. you can simply let them win, assuming that whatever they're saying doesn't matter that much. you can say something like, ""that's an interesting idea."""
"hsu is the same pronounciation a xu (hanyu pinyin), only spelled differently.. taiwanese use hsu, china people use xu.. just like hsiao and xiao is the same, etc.. so hsu would be pronounced kinda like ""she"", or actually more like ""sh'. it's hard to put in words. you have to actually hear it."
"dalton wa the name of patrick swayze in roadhouse...one of the greatest film of all time. the only movie that may be better is ernest go to camp,but it's to close to call"
"personal experience. my bf's mom's first husband wa a cop, her dad wa a cop, when my bf thought about going into the police academy she said ""all you'll learn is how to cheat on your spouse"", i dated a guy who is a cop, when he got married (to someone else) he said ""now i'll get all kind of chicks, being married and a cop"". i'm sure there are cop who are faithful to their spouse but the temptation is out there for men in uniform."
nothing. . . it just a mis-spelling of moron.
i dont know why we are not even really white nor black. but it ha been that way for years. i perfer to call my self caucasion and african american or what ever the case.
"do you mean baptizm of desire? the catholic church teach that there can be 3 form of baptizm. 1,baptizm with water -- while pouring water over the head or immersing a person in water they say i baptize you in the name of the father and of the son and of the holy spirit, then 2. baptism by desire --- a person would like to be baptized but, for one reason or another doe not have it done but there desire is strong enough that by the time they die they are considered righteous enough that a baptism did indeed take place 3. baptism by blood --- pure and plain martyrdom. they became a martyr for the kingdom of god."
"i use my forearm. just press the bottle top into your arm and the skin cover the cap, then twist. it doesn't work on mexican brand beers!!!! those lid are like glued or something."
greed is often associated with money or wealth. lust is usually related to sex.
"i guess what everyone else said. if i were there though, i would want to move out asap!"
"stew usually are heavy in sauces, use sauce to add flavor and texture to rice, potatoes, pasta etc. usually cooked on top of stove. . casseroles, cooked in oven and usually base of casserole, (tuna + veggie etc) absorb whatever cooking liquid is added to make a mass that can be served with a spatula etc"
"she is power hungry. on the outside she is confident but there ha to be an element of fear in there. i always pictured her a beautiful. twords the end she becomes paranoid, and delusional"
+ among other thing many great musician played there. music help u to comprehend mathematics so i guess that would have an effect on history.
"set it all to rhyme....just like you did in your question..... ""train=brain=retain"". lol"
"from the advertising co. of that namesake). . ""o•gul•vee"""
"first, show her that you lust for her, and she will most likely reciprocate. go down on her before asking for a bj, then she won't feel like she is being used. also, i would recommend edible body lotions. girl like that."
"i would like to get contacts. glass are a pain, and i don't like they way they look on me.. . hope you get your pants!"
graphology? to me it mean that there are two people with similar handwriting. it happens.
you might want to take a look at this site a it ha some excellent suggestion to address the pre-presentation jitters. i wish you all the best of luck with your presentation.
"well, beef is red due to great amount of heme iron in the tissue. so chicken ha le heme iron in the tissue, tho it is still a great source of iron."
"theoretically, when you reduce the interest rate, local company will have easier time to borrow money to increase and improve their productivity. with lower interest rate, consumer will also find it unattractive to keep their money at the bank. they will instead, spend their money on local product and service or invest in local companies' stocks."
"dreaming is healthy, it release the electricity from the brain, mean the the brain get rest.. when a person take sleeping pill that sleep is not a real relieve from the brain and actually not a real sleep.. dream are the deepest tough in our thinking, while we sleep.. when it are bad dream it become nightmares, what mostly give solution to problem in the day."
"hot topic always trigger everyone's nerves...people get hostile myself included.....although i will help if i can....i try to make people laugh alot, sometimes it will offend someone and then. the have to retaliate...but whatever.....i will never report somebody. for anything, i believe in freedom of speech, and i consider. the source...good question"
"i don't know the exact sign for it, but sign langauge is conceptual, so i'll tell you how i would sign it. . . make a c handshape (half-fist that look like a c), squeeze it twice, and then shake your fist up and down, then reopen it up to an o handshape and drink from it a if it were a cup."
some people are so touchy it's crazy. someone ranted and raved and insulted people because of breed of dogs. i told them to get a cat and wa reported over that. too much political correctness going on will mess people up more than drugs.
"well, explain to them what you are explaining to us- that if they wish to give christmas gifts, cash would be the most convenient (sp?)."
it is a bad habit. they do so to be sure that the girl will be virgin till marriage by reducing her sex drive
he wa a terrorist and stood behind all the suicide attack and bombing against innocent israeli people! he wa a part of the major terrorist group and he did nothing to stop terrorist act by his people.
i came to know about him at a play called heaven's gate and hell's flames. i asked forgiveness and i've been on the journey ever since.
"it not difficult.just make sure that you're fit enough.traine urself by just walking around, then u be ok.when u climb, just rest 2-3 time not more than that, coz when u want to start to walk again it would be torture.i've climbed twice & it a piece a cake. and dont forget ur wind breaker & gloves."
depends on which city you are in canada. we are usually nine(west coast of canada) to twelve hours(east coast of canada) ahead if you live in the philippines.
christian is the tree. catholic is the branch of the tree.
no. feed them and educate them. that is the solution to world peace too.. . ():-d. shadowgirl
plush is more soft not quite furry more fuzzy. . furry is not always soft longer fibers...
"it mean you're poor and can't afford food. it's from the jefferson's theme song, right?"
"i don't regret a damn thing. if you hate thanksgiving so damn much don't freaking celebrate it. donate your food to people who can't afford it instead of whining about how fat you're going to get.. . i'm going to celebrate with my family, i'm going to have my turkey and potato stuffing and my apple pie and you health freak can shove your complaint where the sun don't shine."
"that's a good question. i think the thing that actually cause physical harm are the only one that should be important like smoking and drinking...not watching porn, which only affect you sitting on your couch. it's not like you're walking around on the street with a portable dvd player blasting a porno movie for everyone to see and hear, unlike smoking which can harm innocent bystander because all it take is a smell of the smoke that go straight to their lungs, while they are simplt waiting for a bus or to cross a street corner."
"i live in orlando. in december we rarely drop below 60 degree fahrenheit; we may get a cold-snap for a few day (generally it's once per year and last 3-4 days) where the temperature will drop to 35 at night and stay at about 50 during the day.. if you're from up north and bring a light jacket, you should be fine."
"in their culture and in those days, it wa important to have kids. if he hadn't had relation with her and fathered her children, it would have brought shame on her (in those day and in that culture). it wa likely to have child more than anything else.. . must have been tough on ole rachel all those years!"
"it varies widely by county. in general we have lower taxes, lower real estate prices, cheaper gas and better traffic then noth jersey or long island."
i'm sorry but i need to comment. that wa one of the worst book ever. it lacked everything....
"someone who is into their own thing, alot.. . nerbs are hot though."
a brother yes..100%. if not he will followed the way of kubakaran..?
"just speak english, especially with your english-speaking girlfriend. if you don't have an english-speaking girlfriend, the third option is to visit england for six months."
not sure i would have quite asked the question that way but you have a point. the government need to get a grip on the benefit system and therefore take the incentive away for girl to get pregnent at 15 and therefore claim a free house and cash to live. it is crazy and the system is completely messed up.
"because they enjoy a good plot and want to find out who did it before they are told. a good mental chew-over without the nagginess of puzzle solving crossword or sudoku etc. i like all, but reading who-dunnits is more fun, long-distance wise."
i love the poem and so poinient did you compose it yourself. we may be the specie with the greaest brain on earth but we don 't use them for the good of the planet and it populations.
cablecars!!!!!of course. bicycle-free and available whenever and whereever you want to go. and great for the waistline
i think the world ha always been like this...we just didnt realize how widespread until the age of the internet...we can easily communicate with our neighbor across the world now. . i didnt realize there were a many pervert a there are
"most white don't do that, but for the past 30 year the medium and educational institution in the u have been biased against white and their culture. this propaganda ha affected some white and caused them to feel guilty about their race and culture."
think about what is making you sad then confront it head on. it might make you more sad at firt but later you fell a lot better
"yes. going to the 7th level might give a sort of satisfaction but 'libido' know herself how she ha reached this level. but whatever, 'libido' is doing is shameful. how have you detected it is more interesting than what 'libido' is alleged to have done."
the acceptable expression is 'lass'. no need to refer to weight.
"only some, not all.. . it ha become self-evident there is a troll or troll here."
"deja vu is french for already saw. you experience something and you get this feeling that you have already done it or seen it even if you have never done it before. scientist think it ha to do with the misfiring of neuron in the brain, that you see something, the neuron fire to tell your brain to analyze it then right after the neuron fire again sending the same message twice making you feel like it is familiar"
"skittle vodka, but youhave to take all of the green one out! yummy."
"start watching vince carter, he can shoot well, and drive to lane great. and he is a shooting guard. you can learn a lot watching him. good luck on making the team."
kim again? querria ( double r ) is for hypothetical question or situation
"it is a movie done by mel brook in 1981. hilarious, especially when it wa obvious we had 15 commandment but one tablet wa dropped and shattered into many pieces."
it is belived that salt will protect thier home or bussiness from bad spirits. the salt is belived also to block bad vibe that come off of people.. . salt is know a a purifier in many customs.
"i say question away....by questioning your own belief system, you'll either confirm for yourself what you already believe or shift your belief based on your findings. a long a you, yourself, respect others and their opinion i wouldn't worry about others being ""lame"". :-)"
"hellooo - the jew do not ""occupy"" israel - another myth. a zionist is someone who belief that just like every other person on the planet, they deserve a homeland where they can fell free and safe."
get on messenger press ctrl + shift + p go to appearance and change your font. (press all at the same time)
"i have european relative who think it's unhealthy to bathe every day because it will make you sick. i think it's kind of the reverse, but whatever. at least they don't waste a much water."
"hungary is a country (it really is, i live there!), while angary is the name given to the right of a belligerent to seize and apply for the purpose of war any kind of property on belligerent territory."
"ah, the jealousy of protecting him for you is greater than the opportunity for her to touch you. definitely--you are not a lesbian."
because the only thing that is not being tolerated is intolerance of sin. go figure huh?
it sound like he come over her face or more specifically over her mouth!! i ahve not heard that phrase before but it is a bit obvious isn't it!!
cut back on junk food.. go salad and water.. and apples! lol work out.. exercise.. brisk walk! yull see restults in a coulple of weeks.. pomise!
"'at' - it the 'at' symbol. e.g ""dave at yahoo.co.uk"
"the question isn't entirely clear. personal safety risk are insignificant a cuba is one of the safest country in the region. risk associated to the u.s. legislation on cuba (assuming you are a citizen or a legal permanent resident) would apply only insofar a you are caught violating the helms-burton act, which doesn't explicitly prohibit travel to cuba, but prohibits any commercial transaction (including basic purchase while in cuba) without the expressed consent by the ofac (office of foreign asset control) in miami.. . the chance of being denied entry into cuba by cuban authority are nil, provided that you have a valid travel document, that you fill out a tourist card, and that you don't carry prescribed substance or pose a threat to cuban security."
they looked 400 year younger. and that's all we know
they are still here.. . check out shane claiborne. thich nath hanh. jon kabat-zinn
"""pakbet"" or ""pinakbet"" or whatever you prefer calling it is one of the famous filipino dish in the philippines. it consists of mixed veggies, like squash, ocra, string beans, etc and garnished with sliced pork and what make it unique in taste is by putting filipino's all time favorite, ""bagoong"" or shrimp pate if you may (in english version) and voila...""kain na, kabayan""!"
"we have accomplished higher and higher level of peace, from family to tribe, from tribe to city state, from city state to nation and federation.. now we are learning how to reach world peace. lesson have been learned through the holy books; mean are ready with wonderful system of world transportation and communication, world forum and world conventions...; the final step is just a little more of patient practice."
"sorry, but i have no idea. i personally find it sickening that killing something is considered a ""sport"""
"wait until dark then sneak on the course. sorry, couldn't resist.. the later in the day you plan on teeing off, the better the fee are going to be. municipal course will be your best rate but winter rate just went into effect so expect higher fees."
an aphrodisiac is an agent which act on the mind and cause the arousal of the mood of sexual desire.. . you already knew
"i don't know, it's now the 7th and it's raining and there are still firework going off. personally i think they should be band altogether, every year it's the same bloody thing, it's just not necessary there are organised event for guy fawkes, so why people need firework is beyond me."
"they want to get presents. god and religion ha nothing to do with it, it's all about gift-getting.. . it's a lot like becoming a politician in order to get bribes."
"challenge inspire u to seek answers, whereas obstacle seem to defeat u before we begin. the optimist will see a challenge, the pessimist will see an insurmountable obstacle. a long a we see thing in the right light, anything is possible. (not to sound cliche)..."
"00 66 2. . code for bangkok is 2, then proceed with the contact no."
they shave their head a a sign of humility and their indifference towards their physical appearence. same concept with the buddhist & zen/chan monk in asia.
"the posterior part of the forebrain that connects the midbrain with the cerebral hemispheres, encloses the third ventricle, and contains the thalamus and hypothalamus. also called betweenbrain, interbrain, thalamencephalon."
"while traditionally done at age 13, a bar mitzvah can be performed for any male past that age, including adults. once bar mitzvahed, the male may participate in a minyin, the group of at least ten male necessary for saying the daily prayers."
"when child are learning to read, one of the skill they are learning is called ""decoding"". they are figuring out how the rule of the language are applied to those symbol on the page. each letter make a sound, much like a code which represents something else."
"it mean 'stupid', because that's what it is. men and woman aren't equal in abilities, nor will they ever be. they're equal human beings."
"according to tolkien, elf are tall and stately. they look like human with pointy ears. they are also immortal, but can be killed in battle or die of a broken heart. famous elf include legolas, elrond, gil-galad, and the lady galadriel."
"you can saute' them in a small amount of oil ( i prefer olive oil) turn them frequently to brown all sides. you could also microwave them (watch them carefully or the will turn into chicken jerky). you can also boil them in some chicken stock, add some sliced green onions, some mushrooms, and some dried egg noodle for a delicious soup."
"for now - you take one day at a time. just relax and start to ask questions. everything will fall into place and trust me, once you do it once, (taxes, job interviews, vote etc) you don't forget how to do it."
"because people are igorant regarding the catholic faith and actually think that we pray to statues. ridiculous, isn't it? because there is art in our churches, it ha to be idolatry."
chathan seva is a form of devil worship.. one who observes this form of worship do it secretly because it requires sacrifice of animal or even human being if possible.. the observer of it belief that they can please the devil to obtain their secret aim such a harming other people.. isn't it a form of chathan seva if anyone prays to 'god' to do harm to his/her brother ?
"well, you've gotten the hang of using the glossary and/or the dictionairy.. . you might consider taking a course in remedial grammar, though."
there should be an option near the top to show sidebar. you can also move it to the over side.
you have to leave your family sooner or later. go! follow your dream!
"uh....sound like you want u to do your homework for you. either watch the movie ""troy"" or go read ""helen of troy"""
no it's not all that warm plus it's windy which make it feel like it's freezing and their is a lot of rain. but if you do go there go to captain george for lunch or dinner you be in food heaven make sure you go.
"in a man, effeminate or homosexual. for someone's behavior or style, it mean that is exaggerated for a humorous effect."
mistletoe.. . that's why.. . the green and the red from the mistletoe.
"go to a rosicrucian website and read about them. if you're interested enough to join, it's something that you'll come to learn."
to make themselves feel better by not worrying about their own issues. talking about others avoids dealing with self.
"yep. you can also bake them, believe it or not. just put it on a baking pan so that the bowl is off of the grill part.. and you're good to go!"
ask at the airport information desk or ask someone at the university. there will definitely be a bus.
people fear what they don't understand .. so they call it evil ... . . or make excuse and say it wa god idea.. (i really love that one ) human's are really stupid when they don't understand what is going on around them ..
"yes, because there is a lot of stimuli--both audio and visual. educational too. i always loved going to museum when i wa a kid. still do."
"to me, it just pain love. not physical -- spiritual."
"some people do it because they truly enjoy taking picture of moment like that. if i had steady hands, i'd love to capture those kind of moments. people take the good with the bad."
read the q'ran and you will find out why the muslim community ha been silent about the extremists.. . understand what taqayyah is and how it is used.. . islam delenda est!!
it wa pretty good. thanx for asking. hope ur wa good 2
i love jws. they are awsome. i think some people feel intruded upon by people coming to their door to preach at them. most people try to avoid thinking about god a much a posible and then having someone force them to think is unpleasant.
a false god is only false to a person of opposing belief .... no one is right no one is wrong .... everyone belief their god to be true .. and it is for them. no one can say any different even if a book tell them this ... because everyone ha another book saying differently
get a bowl with some warm water in it bottom. dip the mold into it so that the surface jelly in the mold is softened. take it out and dry the mold with a towel and then invert onto the surface you want to leave it on.
stop and shop ha a peapod delivery service to your home!!!
"""the breakup of the abolitionist coalition and the rise of a new group of black leader in the 1840s and 1850s led black abolitionist to place a greater value on manual labor rather than moral perfection a a method of racial uplift for blacks. however, black abolitonists distinguished between meaningful skilled labor, and ""degraded"" occupation such a domestic service and waiting tables. such distinction grew out of a general ideology about labor in the antebellum period, rooted in republican thought, which devalued personal service occupation a not providing worker with sufficient independence from employers. among blacks, such distinction also grew out of the experience of slavery, in which domestic and other personal servant were more subject to the will of their master than other workers, and at worst, were also subject to sexual abuse by them."""
"yep, they're both right. die geschichte is the german word for history."
"i find inspiration in music ,let me give you an example..i took a jimi hendrix song called red house .. i painted a red house beyond the picket fence...there's this saying.. you don't find inspiration, inspiration find you..."
fan are the japanese woman main way of self defense. they are built with razor edge and can be used at close range fighting or be trown to inflict a lethal wound
"the smoke dry them out. your eyes, ears, and nose are connected. peace"
made fun of people (when i wa a child). hopefully i won't see any bad results. i guess i'm afraid that one day it will come back on my child and not me.
"yes, there is. depends upon your background and what you are interested in. pick up some of the local magazines, they have a lot of info."
girl go for confident boys.. if your mate doesnt come across a confident he ha no chance.. he ha to be able to keep a converstaion going or the girl he is after wont be bothered.. maybe he should smile and let the girl approach him. but he ha to talk to them when they do.
"read exodus 20 & roman 1. they explain the root reason of homosexuality.. . lean not on your own understanding, but trust in the lord."
"i studied everything about everything really hard and found the meaning of life. science, all the big conspiracies, ancient history and mythology, and a whole lot of wondering about why god would do these certain things. eventually, i discovered the truth (at least some of it)."
i saw this on the today show... . stuffing is inside the bird dressing is outside the bird even though they are the same thing.
"being an employee mean doing your job, working hard and doing it well, sometimes entail mental and emotional challenge from a perfectionist boss. in exchange you get (sometimes)equal compensation, plus you have employee benefit --health, accident, regular check ups, discount and all that. a slave mean doing the particular job hired for and recieving possible order from the bos to do stuff that are really not in the scope of work --plus overtime, a little bit of verbal,emotional,mental, physical abuse for nothing or minimal compensation not equivalent to the hard work involved."
"god's will and plan exceed the capacity of human understanding. it is possible that everyone life forever, but the bible doe not say this. one thing is for sure, faith in jesus's love and forgiveness will make your existence in this life easier, it will help with the burden that come to u in this sinful world easier to bear. it will give you hope for a better life after this one."
"don't really understand your question but in the first place there is no ""world currency"". secondly you seem to be implying that u.s.a. is the only truelly developed country and that is a very long way from the truth."
"advertising something like deodorant or breath mint aim to get to people's fear of being offensive or disgusting.. . the upbeat and fast talk of the real estate investment infomercial play to people's need to imagine themselves making a lot of money and associating it with ""liveliness"".. . insurance company may bring up how parent have small child to be thinking about keeping secure (their emotional/intellectual wish to keep their babies/children a well cared for a possible).. . make-up add may be aimed at women's emotion when it come to trying to fend off wrinkle"
"great concerned and practice to virtue of right behavior will always lead to holiness.. we may say, you have the guidance of the supreme being, otherwise you don`t have the courage, strong will doing these good virtue of good morality in the midst of insulting/mocking/ sarcastic society (due to the influence of evil). whereas, if you`re steadfast with your belief...holding on well to god`s love and hope...then yours is the kingdom of god."
"the reason there hole in the ceiling in the bus if if the bus is in an accident, rescuer need access in every possible way the bus is lying. for example if the bus is lying on it side and the door and window are mostly covered how would you get out. or if the bus were submerged in water< think about possibility"
"dasara, also called ""navaratri"", is among the most important festival celebrated in india. unlike dussera, this is celebrated for 10 day in southern parts.. . the festival of dasara is celebrated on the occasion of navaratri. celebration are unique ranging from worshipping goddess chamundeshwari (durga) to exhibiting colorful toy on the day of 'bombe habba' in kannada or 'bommala koluvu' in telugu."
"inside chocolate is theobromine, which act on the body like caffeine. you also have something called phenomelythelene which induces the same feeling a when you fall in love."
a said before it a fraternal organization. there will never be a sanctioned masonic blue lodge that accepts woman thats what the eastern star is for!
"black is black, irregardless of the skin tone. i am just happy to see woman of color represented period. i don't care how light or dark they are."
"black and injected straight into my vein in the a.m.. . no, i wish, just black"
"because in spanish, word that are plural often get abbreviated a a double letter. so it's estados (states), unidos (united), and because they are plural, they take a double letter. other common example are ffaa (fuerzas armadas, or armed forces), and aaee (asuntos exteriores, or foreign affairs)."
"i think sometimes people are looking for a way out of having to accept someone who is otherwise cool but also a bit of a threat to them in another way. not right, not fair, but it's what some small minded individual do...."
"assume it'll be rather cold. probably in the 30's, and you could see some sleet, freezing rain or even snow. it's rare for u to get major amount of snow - but you never know. the last few winter have been pretty mild - so it probably won't be too bad - but again - it's unpredictable."
"it's pasteurize milk...derived from the name the french scientist louis pasteur(he invented the pasteurization of milk)..there's no word and meaning for pasturised!..... the difference is that... pasteurized milk is heated (killing microorganism in milk) while unpasteurized is from the word itself.,, 'non-heated'....."
"a you leave your plane, walk toward baggage claim and ground transportation. you will walk across a pedestrian bridge that go over the highway and you will see railroad tracks. take the elevator or the step down to the regional rail tracks. a train arrives every 30 minute to take you to 30th street station."
when you say welshman you mean welshman. it is sexist to suggest that all welsh shepherd are male and racist to say all welshman 'like' sheep.
"what? why should the navajo be given special treatment when all the other indian were destroyed or shoved onto postage stamp-sized place ""reserved"" for them?. . here's some link that might help."
"you want to put yourself up on the mountain for safety....the surrounding mountain are mountain of protection for others you care about....something is bothering you, you are protecting yourself....the fence...the tree is another form of protection (shade) from the sun...the flower is something you treasure that you are saving.....the window being up high, you have high standard for others and expect it from them....or maybe it is just a drawing!!!"
who the hell is mali and who give a crap? kiss betty.
"whole food markets, if you are lucky enough to have one near you. if not, try williams sonoma, either through one of their retail store (in most major upscale shopping malls) or through their online catalogue. both have terrific gourmet food products, very superior quality, and packaged very elegantly. in a lower price range but still very nice, how about harry & david?"
take a sedative drug that would calm you down during the flight. alot of people do that.
glossy mean it ha a shine when dry. primer is usually a flat paint used to interface between the finish coat and the material. it is sometimes necessary to get the finish coat to stick.
finish this lifetime and try again. you can't change that kind of thing...
they dont have any priest to do it. the levitcal line wa lost when the temple wa destroyed. only a priest can do it.
"some people say the corruption in the government, the decadence of the urban culture, a evinced in the film story, caligula. others, such a gibbons, point to the increased reliance on mercenary armies, over-expansion, rising power of certain enemies, such a the goths. others have pointed out the romans' reliance on lead piping for drinking water.. . you should read the article in wikipedia, and judge for yourself, if you don't have time to read gibbons."
"a lady carry her self with class and good taste. she is pleasent and polite. it is not hard to be a lady..it is really about having respect for yoursef, and for others a well."
"it's not necessary, but it suggested because peanut oil is one of the most available cooking oil in china, the other being animal fat. it ha a good flavor and great for use in the wok, because it ha a high smoking point and proper stir fry require high heat to dry up the liquid in the bottom of the wok. peanut oil is one of the healthiest oil to fry with. it not so popular in the u because it spoil easy and there is concern of peanut allergies."
"you may have to call the australian immigration department, because if you hold residency status and you leave the country for an extended amount of time your residency may be affected, when you contact them explain the situation that your in and i wouldnt see why they would have a problem with you leaving and coming back again, providing thats what you want to do.. entering the usa you shouldnt have any problem with, if you you are planning on staying for the normal 3 month visitor visa, if your planning to stay longer than your 3 month but intend on returning to australia then i would again contact the immigration department before you go, also contact the u immigration department to see what steps, if any, you will have to follow to stay in the country indefinatly.. . i hope this help"
'the amber spyglass' brings an exciting end to the spellbinding philip pullman's 'his dark materials' trilogy - they were all an excellent compelling read. let's hope that this is not the last we hear of will and lyra.
"read, read, read, read, read. it is the only way to expand your vocabulary and become an eloquent, intelligent person."
this time of year it is fairly cool. you will want to pack sweater and sweat shirts.make sure you take a jacket a well. temp in the 50's and 60's. lake effect wind there a well.
"it's a physichal mean of expressing yourself about sorrow. like cutting yourself when your sad, do not attempt/do."
"if there is too much fat, just trim it off with a sharp knife. sometimes you need a little fat on the meat ( like a leg of lamb for example) so you can roast it in the oven without any oil and just by putting it on the fat side down in roasting pan."
"a loser is someone with no friends, no job, no money, etc. the other essential part of the definition is that a loser make no effort to change his/her situation. a loser can only be pitied so far, since most of the time it's their own fault they're in that situation."
it's when you take two layer of iron and bonded with a third layer of pure aluminum for maximum heat conductivity.. . a far a cookware goes.
"samething happened to my friend. my friend had to sign out a book on romance and stuff (for romeo + juliet) and the librarian started acting all wierd, we were like...whatsup? and he wa like ..'nothing but i just think that you guy should focus on school more now."". and that wa so offending."
"flirt with her in a very obvious way. if she flirt back, then she definitely is flirting with you. it would be safe then to make a move."
yes one of the most famous wa the 3/5th compromise.the southern state wanted to count the slave a a whole person for the purpose of representation but the northern state said no slave have no right so they should not count at all so they came up with the compromise of counting a slave a 3/5th of a person. another comprise wa the legislature. small state wanted everyone to have the same amount of representative but the big state did not like that because then the small state could gang up on them and the large stated wanted to be represented on the basis of population but the little state did not like that for the some reason so the compromised by making the legislature bi-cameral.
"it will but not yet.. so far the current temperatue of our planet is still suitable for water to stay liquid. when it get hotter than boiling point, water surely evaporates. it will only happen when the our sun grows much bigger & nearer on earth's vicinty, or an asteriod collide with our planet, but should be big enough for all the water of our ocean to be pushed out in space.. so not now, not yet..... but who know"
paranoid is only if you think every1 is out to get you. but if they really are out to get you then you're bing realistic.
"i'd think they'd have to get a visitor visa, or not, depending on which country they're from.. . contact canada's immigration department or check their official website."
sungs_angel is right chris rock is only getting a much respect a he gives. and i can't blame the people who talk about him. what a lot of people dont realize is that black people can be just a racist a the next person.
"wrap it in foil so it won't stick to your grill. add butter, herbs, and lemon juice."
hi. you should get japanese version of hot mail or yahoo mail.. my hotmail show the character good
"i am a christian because i believe that jesus died on the cross for our sins. i just want to say that for all of the other religions, their ""god"" didn't become alive again. the only true god wa able to rise from the dead from forgiving our sins."
"prebake the crust:10 minute in 400 oven fill with dry bean (save to use again and again they are now only suitable for this procedure) and bake - the bean keep the shell tight against the pan, now remove - and set bean aside- cool slightly add filling and top crust bake a per recipe. your lower crust will now have a much more professional finish."
"a series of images, ideas, emotions, and sensation occurring involuntarily in the mind during certain stage of sleep.. . your subconscious usually us dream to sort out issues."
they made candles! that is the one's who didn't enlist...there wa a never ending demand for that particular commodity.
"earl gray (cardamom)and orange pekoe have flavoring in them. darjeeling is a clean, full, flavorful tea, i like better than the other choice you refer to."
"you have to find out the country code and city code. call an operator. i do know that in england they have a 0 at the beginning of their phone numbers, but don't use that. it's only for european calls."
"start over. i doubt he flooded entire world, i think if he did, it wa the world noah and his people knew. a lot of culture have great flood story."
"relax and know we are glorified animals. we need to eat, have a place to sleep and to screw."
"forever mean just what it says, read revelation 20:10. this verse will tell you that the wicked one that let the devil deceive them ""those who do not keep the ten commandments"" will burn in the lake of fire that burn with fire and brimstone."
so they can claim other lands. you can't claim other land without a flag. that's why american indian had a problem keeping their land. no flags.
"more and more people have an emptiness within them and instead of finding a healthy way to fill it, like yoga or exercise, they fill it with drug and alcohol. more people need to look within themselves and find out why they are hurting and fill their soul with something good for them.... i speak from experience and still growing.."
becuse dentist need a handsome amount to live !!!
it's all in their mind i guess. a far a i am concerned human do not have supernatural (magical) powers.
"there are variety of granola with high fiber, grape nut have high fiber, most oatmeal have high fiber, and raisin bran. check the box any cereal with more than 7 gram of fiber per serving is considered high."
"notwithstanding being the largest national economy in europe, france wa bankrupt.. . a is the case today in the us, the rich people were not required to pay taxes. france soaked the poor, and when the poor had no more to pay, they revolted."
"well, aren't you scrooge! i suggest you keep your displeasure to yourself. your boss really don't care how you feel. but if you try to rain on everyone else's christmas, they may just decide they can do without a curmudgeon like you on the payroll!"
"a person who came to america and wa placed under contract to work for another over a period of time, usually seven years, esp. during the 17th to 19th centuries. generally, indentured servant included redemptioners, victim of religious or political persecution, person kidnapped for the purpose, convicts, and paupers."
honey i just flirt with everyone male and female. you will get a response if someone is interested she will flirt right back at you. flirting is a good tool when your gaydar is on the fritz at your age you can't be sure because so many are faking bi because they think it is cool to say you are bi or le
coz most people hate it! . bovril is best
"the chinese woman in ""fearless"" who played moon wa pretty. but why would the little girl be appealing to you? even a little bit?"
"who said that? . in my country, many muslim pet dog, and bred pig too even they may not eat it..im not muslim, but that's the fact that i got... . missinformation i think"
"you have to use at least 5 layers, that is if you use wood glue a a glue, if you use paste there should be even more, and you can give it more resilience by painting it with acrylic or pva bonding, which you should be able to find in builder's provider or diy shops. that also make it water resistant."
"i do not know if it would have been that much different. the athenian history would have been greatly altered, a they were the brunt of the fighting force at marathon. the spartan and much else of greece, did not engage in the battle."
"you can talk to new people. you can receive new idea and new point of view. you are able to read book in the original language rather than translation. you are, linguistically speaking, twice the person you were before!"
yes.. a sign of human self-maturity is the realization of the infinite potentiality of the self. just what religion seek to repress in us.. what religion should seek to do is help decide what potentiality to manifest(i.e. avoid evil and do good...)
it wa the cheapest prop they could find that would easily fit in a studio.. . and it is aero dynamic.
"peel, quarter and cook the apple in a slow cooker. add whatever spice you like. after the apple are very soft, you will already have some juice, but remove the apple piece and blend them a coarsely or thin a you like. add the juice and mix."
"make your own crumb with a food processor and dry bread or buy, heat butter in frying pan on medium heat. use quarter cup butter to about 1 and 1/2 cup bread crumb and combine with the melted butter. toast crumb to a light golden brown. if desired, add some minced parsley or dill and pinch of salt.. sprinkle over 'al dente' cauliflower and enjoy!"
"a normal person dream after approximately 30 second after he/she close his/her eyes.... it is the process of our mind to ""filter"" the memory that should be there and the memory that your mind thought of deleting it in your entire life.....like this exercise.... do you still remember what happened to you on jan. 1, 1990??? if there is no big significant thing that really happened to you during that day... your memory deleted it... and that because of your dreams.... on the other hand dream is the process of conscious, subconscious, and unconscious mind meeting together ""to discuss"" what are thing should be there in your mind and thing that need to be discarded.. i hope i have help you a little or not make you more confuse........sorry bout that..... but it really a confusing factor in our life.... the study of our human psyche....."
"people argue that marriage is a relgious thing, but government call for a seperation for church and state.. . let them be married and be happy. it is not affecting you."
"it mean that life is so complex and one experience so diverse a one grows older that one realizes how truly little one doe know. because knowledge from life is never ending. thus we realize ""how little we know"" compared to how much there is to learn."
"""emo"" is probably short for ""emotional"". emo people are usually depressed and angsty and stuff. if you ever get a hold of final fantasy vii, look at how ""cloud"" behaves. that's pretty much emo for you."
why can't you articulate a question properly? would doing so violate some personal belief of yours?
"dear, why dont u try searching it in yahoo/google? anyhow here are the meaning of those two.. 1. to cause someone to break away from a previously friendly state or relationship.. 2. fame"
"i've heard of people using ready made biscuit dough or the recipe on the side of bisquick. or making the dumpling smaller so the inside can get more ""done""."
"i think it wa a typo. i have a lot of dictionaries, being a crossword compiler, and cannot find it. what wa the cryptic clue?"
i don't know gang are really stupid to me. but if he is a true friend he will still talk to you. but it also could be dangerous to still have him a a friend being that you are from different cultures.
"people like my mom think that either 1) scientist are mistaken or 2) there's a giant conspiracy that all of the scientist are in on to try to disprove god. it's ridiculous if you ask me, and i'm a christian who totally support the notion of evolution. one doesn't exclude the other, but watch, all of the christian who have never studied evolution and merely taken their pastor's word will give me a thumb down."
11:46 pm. check out the site below for official time in various time zone in the u.s. take care!
"when you consider the thing that he ha done, even to the people of his own nation (the kurds), the punishment seems to fit his crimes. perhaps those that have the ""warm fuzzies"" for hussein now should educate themselves on his life's work."
"i am an aussie who go to the u.s. quite a bit...... . tip 10% always and only tip 15% if the service wa exceptionally good..... . be careful at restuarants...... sometimes the tip is already included in the bill and if thats the case then dont tip them any further..... . make sure you always tip at restaurant where you have waiter service, at a bar if getting a drink or when in a taxi..... dont tip at your hotel unless someone specifically go out of there way for you and even in that case $1 or $2 is plenty...."
"a person with naturally red hair, light complexion and freckles. it's actually online - a group for them to join."
got my self ready to go live in the vatican after all christian get raptured!!!. . i heard the pope is living large!!!!
"well, dance is a form of expression. dance is ballet, jazz, tap, ballroom.... dancing is actually doing it. dancing is a verb, dance is a noun."
from the barber-surgeons some century ago that used to do blood-letting and other form of minor surgery (without anaesthetic!) a well a doing the usual barber-type work. remember that shaving wa with a blade which wa wielded with skill and expertise. the red represents the blood and the white represents the bandages.
it is rumored that he had an affair with a certain woman of the spanish court he painted her nude and then had to hurry back across country to paint some clothes on her when it wa exposed at court. i guess if you are having an affair with someone they could be thought of a your muse or incentive or inspiration
consider atheism. far le hypocrisy and no tithing required.
it's a fusion of christian and neopagan beliefs. this website ha a really good explanation.
"a destiny is not something to be accepted, it is something to be forged.. . we are the master of our own destiny.. . fate is what is to be accepted."
"screw jesus, eat, drink. and be merry - for tommorrow we die"
"you can become smart, i believe true intelligence is something one is born with and nurture it development much like a child. if you eat healthy food at the start of your life (studies show certain food are good for brain development) and then continue on the path of building your brain gradually with stronger and stronger input you will gain intelligence. i have been reading more challenging information over the year and i have become intelligent on many subjects. you can also be ""book smart"" and have no common sense, to me that make you dangerous."
"well, i've always been very sensitive, and can get into some pretty bleak arena emotionally. my last break-up hit me very hard and took a long time to get over.. . however, i have a chronic disease that can be pretty darned painful - to the point where i went to get xrays before i wa diagnosed because i thought i must have broken something. so i guess i'll have to go with physical, because i'm very aware that if i don't keep my disease under control the pain will be constant."
"it work just like a regular piano except you can pick a tone for it to be in.. if you're just beginning you should find like a beginner's piano book. or, you can get one of those ""teach yourself"" tape or dvds. that's how i learned to play the guitar, by a dvd."
"very few people buy the tuna in oil because it doesn't taste a good and isn't a good for you a the stuff sold in water. the idea is that tuna packed in oil will last longer, but the stuff in water already last a really long time, so not many people need it. the price difference is the company way of trying to encourage people to buy the oil kind."
"narcotic and drug never make anything easier, if anything, they make life worse.. . people begin usage because of curiosity, peer pressure, or misconception of how ""great"" they are."
they mock our religion because they are afraid to believe in it. weird
"it most definatly could be for the wrong reasons. people just dont want the event to be on their conscious, so they dismiss it a something that had no connection to them, or something that they had no control over."
"oil a cast iron plate with a handle and stick it under the broiler. use regular vegetable oil, not olive oil. the olive oil would smoke. when it's good and hot, take it out with a mitt and add your sliced steak."
"ant one only know how to gather food and defend the nest, just like and 2, ant 3, and ant 968,446. they don't know a lot of recipes."
"culturally, it is inherited from chinese culture where bright colors, particularly red and orange, are considered good luck. china paint their temple and shrine red, and historically, following suit, japan took on the same aspect of buddhism a it move eastward from india to japan. only temple and shrine tend to be red in japan-in term of fashion and color scheme for interior design i don't think red is that popular."
"i agree with you.. you try to be pleasant and they walk by like you are a nut.. once i got fed up and after saying hello and the person just walked be, i said "" well hello to you too, nice day we are having huh, yes it is,. speaking and answering myself showed her how rude she had been and made her smile.,. and a few people thought i wa plain nut lol lol lol"
"pity and sympathy are closely related, but pity implies a feeling of looking down on the person, while sympathy just mean you recognize they are having trouble or hardship and you are sorry. empathy mean you feel the trouble or hardship with the person.. . p.s. hplover i think is confusing the word empathy with apathy - apathy mean not caring, having no feeling for the person."
generally satire is a from of humorous criticism that poke fun at common perception or stereotype or is intended to mock a political idea in a negative way! suffice it to say it ain't the best way to make friends!
"when you touch the match when lighting an incence your energy go into it . from your hand , your energy and believing is what make the incence more intune with you ."
"hey angel,. . to find this one, i just type in carrie mac biography at the yahoo search line."
you could take a train to france or belgium( there are lot of train through the english channel to and from france) and then another one to...i don't think there are train travelling straight to bulgaria; i think you have to change train in vienna or budapest or bucharest. the journey take lot of time and that's not comfortable a you have to change train too. my advice is to take a plane. good luck !
"egg yolk are used to neutralize some wine by-product that float in the barrel.. nut are for correcting the acidity in extremely acidic or tangy wines, but this is not the normal case.. . if you are making wine yourself, make sure you know what you are doing before you add any of these."
"this person probably lack of life knowledge, and he/she want to learn how to deal with real life problems. if this person asks similar question again and again then this person like to hung on to negative emotion(negative emotion doe make you feel good), or lack of the ability to take people advices; but if this person asks different question every time then he/she probably just want to learn, there is nothing wrong with that."
"the lariat, chap and the cattle drive. when spain came the aztec & mayan were startled with the arrival of horses. after that they basically invented the whole method of farming on horse-back."
"if this is important to you, then you have much bigger problem than can be answered on yahoo!!!"
it's a personal choice. personally guy in tights just plain creep me out.. . coach
undercooked. try nuking it for 45 second to a minute.
i-15 is open..... traffic is subject to lane reduction in each direction from main st . /in barstow/ to 12.5 mi south of baker /at rasor rd/ (san bernardino co) . 24 hr a day from 0800 hr monday to 0800 hr friday thru 1/31/07 - due to . construction - motorist are subject delay of up to 45 minute
"a vegetarian eats thing that have both egg and dairy, just no meat.. a vegan is a vegetarian that will not eat or use any animal products: no eggs, no dairy, no honey ... only thing that are from plant and animal didn't make. they also won't wear wool or use any product that ha bi-products in it that come from animals... basically everything from soap to clothes to food ha to be simply plant-based."
put your tongue into her and begin to suck on each other tongue like a lollipop. make sure you dont bite her tongue off
when they get a little older they might lose a little color feed them color enhancing ciclid food a far a baby's go you need a lot of hiding spot for the fry the male dig a hole in the gravel for mating the female lay her egg then pick them up in her mouth then go to the hole where she peck at the anal fin on the male until he let say give it to her in the mouth when the fry begin to hatch she will deposit them in crack under rock the male and female both guard the fry until they get big enough to go into general population no special care needed the fish do it all used lava rock in 75 gal. and have had several mating over the year in fact i haven't got a fish for that tank in 5 year good luck
"i honestly believe that they have more of a confidence issue and that is how they deal with it. to make someone else look bad in their eyes, make them seem better (only to themselves). snobbs do not realize how much of life they are missing. i just laugh at them because really by letting every into my life, i am a richer person for it."
body language it the first language of human kind and it is the most accurate. there is no mistaking what someone is saying when they say it with their body.
i want to know this too...it really give me the creeps. did they take off the person's leg or something? is there a black market for leg bones?
"eventually we will all have no job but everything will be so cheap we wont need them. joking most of these country will eventually become just a expensive to make thing a here, making america cheaper but thats a long time from now. your not the only one who doesn't like whats going on, it just take a long time to get these country to rise up to our standard which is what cause price to rise."
it's not. 60 percent are bolivian the other 30-40 are european mixed.
"the term come from an 18 century german musical technique called ""mannheim roller"" also known a the mannheim rocket. the mannheim rocket is a series of rapidly ascending broken chord from the lowest range of the bass line to the very top of the soprano line."
we aren't considered the superior race! please stop looking at color and see people for who they are a individuals! one race! one love!
"you should go to youtube, run a search on the word ""pallywood"", and watch the first result that come up. it pretty interesting.. . nevertheless, israeli soldier could be making a lot more effort to try to avoid civilian deaths. their problem is that they no longer care anymore."
you mail them to the magazine editor. they ultimately decide what get put in a magazine.
i guess it's for the same reason i've seen some white people get mad when they see interracial couples. some people are really lame.
"baby always have to suffer agony when they are cutting their first teeth. it is to be expected that when a business first start it is going to encounter problems, but these problem are then sorted out and soon forgotten, just like the pain suffered by the baby at that early stage of his life."
"no it mean that you are telling the truth like no ghetto child would lie to mamma because she would skin you alive when she found out about it. so if i am giveing you the word i would give to my mamma, or to your mamma cause if the two mother's were tight she might just beat your as and then send ya home so your mamma could beat it too. so if i am giving you the same word i would give to my mamma, you can rest assured that i am telling you the honest truth, a i know it to be. aiiiiight?"
yes i pray in tongue often. praying in tongue out loud is a form of spiritual warfare and i do it a often a possible.
"many people post ""questions"" (in every category) that they already ""know"" the answer to .. and wait for an *opinion* to be posted that agrees with their own .,.,. voila! ""best answer""."
"he went around and saw suffering and said that in order to end suffering we must get rid of our desires. . . no powers, no pregancy, it just a statue"
"immigration won't give you any information.. call the airline and check if your friend wa on that flight, and then just wait for him to contact you.. . sorry to hear that. i hope everything end fine."
martial art wa first learnt by bhuddist monk when crossing over himalaya to save them from attack both from animal and tribals on the way from india to china . so the teacher is india but wa developed by chinese for their usage . the martial art ha it origin from tantra.
"in my humble opinion and personal experience, the black man is hated because he is a black man that can rise against oppression. a much a people would like to believe it doesn't, racism still exist, the 60's weren't that long ago. so you are going to have people who don't like the fact that people with the most unique skin tone can excel and prosper at young age or otherwise combating the struggle that we once had."
this is certainly the way to be. people around the world don't get along a well a you and your flatmate do because they don't get to know and learn about each other a closely a you people do.
there is usually information about the group leaving the material. call them and ask them not to leave it any more. normally they will abide by your wishes. if not then call them back and tell them you are filing charge for litering and probably other thing you can get them for.
"would u invest in a small market or a 1 billion market? for eg a coke sell for $1, if let's say half the population buy 1 coke per day, that's $500m daily revenue... so i have to say they have a large buying power..."
"banana are a fragile fruit they need to be kept warm at least until they become yellow ,then they could be put some were it cooler to slow down the riping (a paper bag and warm place is good but not to long they will ripen to fast .keep an eye on them.)never put them in the fridge."
"i do sometimes, if i'm in a mad mood then i resent everything!. . sometimes i resent white people because some of them are sooooooo selficous and conceited!"
"that's easy, a long a you have all of the information that is needed to get your answer which are the following:. the name of both the bride & groom, the full name and the place where they were to have been married, those thing are actually public records, you just have to have all the information on the party involved in the marriage..i hope that this helps...."
we take advantage of animal because we can. and who said god gave u a free will. who said there is a god? no proof mean no god take life for what it worth and kill animal
"probably, you mean ""bali bali kawaii"".. . ""bali bali"" is like ""shlt-hot"", mean extremely.. . so, you are ""bali bali kawaii"" is you are ""sh*t-hot"" pretty."
"it certainly isn't the merchandising mayem foisted on the public in the name of good cheer. christmas is about being with family, sharing with friends, and celebrating peace on earth, good will to man. and that ha nothing to do with rushing out and spending money."
"because they are jealous that we have beautiful child that can dance lol. imo latin and black culture are very similar. i have dated white, asian, and latin men but latin men were the only one that i felt could really relate to black culture. they get followed in store and harassed by the police too lol"
"the most basic answer is that it ensures continuation of the species. through a process of natural selection, those who have a tendency toward sexual arousal have prospered. i doubt we'd have gotten very far a a specie if sex were painful or otherwise unpleasant."
i think today a myth ha become a urban legend. :)
"aproximately 122-124 miles, depending where you're going on campus.. . check out yahoo map for a general idea.. . most of the trip is down u 169 & i-94."
"open 2 large can of pork-n-beans. pour into a heavy skillet.. add 1/2 c light brown sugar, 2 tsp french mustard and 1/2 medium onion, sliced, stir then lay 3 slice of bacon on top of bean and bake for about 30-35 minute at 350'f. delicious!"
"there is nothing good about smoking, no benefit or positive outcomes.. not to be preachy or anything. but quit now.... . god is tellin you to...(and i am not religous)"
during the ripening process some of the protein from the milk solid break down into simpler chemical and a protein contains nitrogen one of the simplest compound is ammonia (nh3) hence the smell. it is of no danger to health and doe not mean that the cheese is bad.
"positive ion are smaller than the atom.. negative ion are larger than the atom.. . the reason is that a positive ion is created by removing an electron from the atom and removing an electron mean that the remaining electron effectively see a larger nuclear charge causing them to be pulled in closer to the core (there are fewer electron to ""screen"" the core). on the other hand a negative ion is created by adding an electron and there are then more electron to screen the core and the size increases."
"mandarin orange are smaller than regular orange and their skin is much thinner and separate from the fruit more easily than a regular orange. valencia orange have seed and naval orange do not. mandarin orange seed are located very near the center of each section and mandarin orange are not a round a oranges, being slightly flattened."
"actually, it's easiest to save for a cruise, because you can book a cruise with a down payment, and then you can wait until some date (like 70 day before sailing) to get the full payment to them. so, collect up a few hundred dollars, find a cruise, book it with the money you have, and then keep sending them money a you get it until it's paid for."
"stand up straight. breathe. look people in the eye and smile. it may sound too simple, but it helps."
"there is the false belief out there that catholic pray to statues. being snotty isn't going to change their opinion. so long a you know we don't worship idols, that's all that matters."
i'm sure your familiar with the snack cake. another use of the word twinky is to describe a young and desirable person. that's probably the meaning of the word you heard in the movies.
"in dream egg symbolise fertility, broken egg symbolise fights. don't know about blood spot though."
"i don't know about that, but around here, they usually put a big ad in the paper. be sure to include what insurance company you accept, and what you specialize in. there are so few doctor here that accept new patient that the ad is usually enough.. good luck to you---i hope you are in it for caring & not money!!"
six degree of separation is the hypothesis that anyone on earth can be connected to any other person on the planet through a chain of acquaintance with no more than five intermediaries.. . see more:
srry cant help ya..not a good artist! good luck tho!
there is no meaning. we live in this bizarre cycle of monotony and then we die.
"when you're mature, you'll know the importance to be happy and calm even in the midst of turbulence. so when you're happy and calm, you'll make the right decision. and right decision will bring you good outcome and thus, luck."
"it's good for a short-term diet of, at max, two week to jump-start weight loss. the best diet is to avoid sugar and eat lot of fruit and vegetables. exercise twice a day, 15 min each time."
one that is in-do..ing while the other got sick of it. ha..aha..ha... just kidding babe
"anti-social behavior? i would usually see it first, then liston and pray then liston then begin to speak with the anti-social to gain an understanding of why , yet, anti-social is like a wall-paper surrounding the actual scene. alive and watching.it's also kind of bottling effect. that's a far a i can explain it at the moment, but it is an interesting question and give a good visual effect for my thought to ponder."
no way. biggest scam on earth. much bigger than enron.
i'm 32 so the prom wa a long time ago for me.. . what i remember wa a great deal of gossiping. girl spend hour and way too much money getting ready.high school guy spend little money and are hoping only to get lucky after the prom.. . it's over-rated.
"you need to let them hang longer in order to get rid of the dog taste. i suggest at least 3 weeks. if you don't have 3 weeks, then you need to use a very strong marinade, and let them soak at least 48 hours."
"see answer number 1. some people just don't know any better. others refuse to believe different. it's celebrated around yule, the pagan holiday. they were celebrated together in the old day to make converting people more seamless."
the best thing would be to put the baby up for adoption. if the baby is unwanted then it will be unloved and uncared for. the best decision would be to let someone who actually want the baby to have a chance to raise him/her.
trust me you will know be honest with yourself and dont be afraid to explore your feelings. do what is right for you dont try and do what you think your mother want you to do trust me worrying about what others think will make you miserable
the liver from goose that have been held down and force fed. anyone with the slightest respect for animal or bird wouldn't go near it.
"i've only read the 1st one , but will eventually read the others. he is an interesting character. i enjoyed the book. if you are a dean koontz fan, it's worth a read."
i doubt you can. get a notation software.. or download one.
"well, you have to have gelatin, which is a protein product (usually made from animal hide - it's not something you can whip up in the kitchen). they do sell the unflavored kind, to which i guess you could add flavorings. just be sure you don't add pineapple, kiwi fruit, or a few other certain fruits, because they contain chemical which prevent gelatin from gelling. jell-o did make a pineapple version for a while (i liked it), but it had artificial flavoring in it to give it the taste."
"the most plausible explanation is that j street wa omitted because the letter i and j were often indistinguishable from each other (especially when handwritten), and in 18th century english they were still largely interchangeable. (the 1740 ""new general english dictionary"" published in london had a single section for i and j, and the standard identification thomas jefferson used on his personal possession wa ""t.i."") having both an ""i"" and a ""j"" street would have been redundant at best and confusing at worst, so ""j"" ended up a the odd man out."
"christian feel insulted and ""dehumanized"" when scientist say that people evolved from other life forms, but you have no problem with the biblical claim that human were created from dirt.. . christian are willing to spend their life looking for little loophole in the scientifically established age of the earth (4.55 billion years), but you find nothing wrong with believing date recorded by bronze age tribesman sitting in their tent and guessing that earth is about a couple of generation old."
"when ur bmi, (body mass index) is too high compared to your height. can she not lose weight?"
"chocolate is a naturally caffinated food. caffine can both the stomach, causing heart burn. perhaps their brand of chocolate is more cafinated then others? if you also get heartburn after drinking coffee or eating tomato in any form, you should see a doctor b/c you may have acid reflux..."
i agree with you that the concept is void when it come to atheism. i do not in any sense consider myself spiritual.
he want to get home and restore his honor by taking revenge on the suitors. ithaca is his home town. pimp juice
"i am with that one person about life experienes. if you get teased a lot durning school, obviously that would make you insecure. and you get a lot of dates, it might make you too secure"
"the same reason people promote abstinence-only sex ed and refuse to allow for distribution of condom to minors--they are deluded into thinking that if we don't talk to our child about sex, they won't have sex. clearly, that's not working--we need to equip our child to be able to protect themselves."
"it doesn't - that's why you'll never find the pot of gold at the end!. . because it's made by light reflecting off rain or water droplets, there is no way it could remain stationary a you move around. everyone will see the light dancing off a different set of droplets."
"i don't think that the lebanese people cannot live together, that's not the problem. just take away all those leader and i think we all can live in harmony."
"because it wa so hot, that, during the oregon trail day and the gold rush days, people died from heat or dehydration. it's so hot because it is the lowest point on earth, and heat from the sun collect down there and doesn't release until the cold nightfall wind clash with it."
"emo mean either emotional or emotive, depending on who you are talking to. emo is a clothing style, a music style, and a stereotype of people with dark hair, usually covering one eye, that dress in black and write poetry, talk about how much their life suck, are depressed and cut themselves. people also can use it a an emotion, saying something like, don't go all emo on us! (talking to a depressed person)"
i know of three ways. 1 set them on brown paper...spread apart and they should dry in approx 2 to 3 weeks. 2 use a food dehydrator that will do it in about 8 hrs. 3 put them on a parchment covered cookie tray in a 200 degree oven for 6 to 7 hr
"don't ever mention about your embarrassing moment, and everyone will gradually forget about it. no one is perfect, and no one should expect you to be perfect :)"
"lobby at whatever level you are able to...sad is the day when a minority, through political correctness becomes a majority! i am first generation australian and wa taught early, australian first, then you can please yourself with race, religion etc."
i want to do the same thing. but others have a right to be self-righteous!
"i have found that by taking control of my breathing, i can now take control of my emotion and this ha really strengthened my concentration. i use an inner emotional barrier to prevent thing invading my 'space' and i have a word to tell my unconsious mind to relax. it seems to be working but you have to really keep at it! start with long, slow, deep breathing ...."
"the pilgrim father were short on duck to add to their menu at the earliest thanksgiving observances. thus to make up for this absence, in their wisdom chose to call duck sauce duck sauce."
"if she really like herself, she's automatically sexy. the physical stuff get really old, really quick. but what go on behind the eyes... that make all the difference."
not all the need are met .. . .
"when airport identifier where first used, canada grabbed y for their airports. n wa saved for navy, w and k for radio station east and west of the mississippi, q for international communications, z for special uses. see the link for a full explanation."
"if you watch the movie called ""alexander the great"" which ha colin farrel in it. it not 100% accurate, but close to what happen back then. the movie will give you an idea how alexander the great created his empire."
"mongolian is still a vibrant and thriving language. mongolian tend to use russian in order to communicate with the outside world. a lot of technology is also supported by russian and support russian. mongolian wa not the language of government for so long that there is not a lot of technology that will support either the language or the writing system (which is vertical, top to bottom, left to right)."
"well let's see. there are all those people out there saying ""oh my god you got to read this, you got to read this, you got to read this!"""
i certainly hope not. he should get a good citizen award.
dude i read that book this year it is so boring stupid fat piggy ps. he dy um do what i did go on spark note
"human and primate share a common ancestor. eye colour is determined by genetics - one simple mutation can change the eye colour. there's nothing magical, mystical or spiritual about this... the mutation to create light coloured eye ocurred after human and other primate split from our most recent common ancestor during the process of evolution.. . next question please"
"because deep inside of you, you know that u are way sexier than justin timberlake!!! lol"
what's this question to do with the country category?. . you guy never seem to cease amazing me with your intelligence.
i love snakes!!! but ewww spider or bug just creep me out...lol we want to be protected from thing crawling all over u and i think that maybe society perceives bug a being dirty instead of natural and no woman want to be dirty....
"to modernize the communion to make it more appropriate to society today. however, it hasn't brought the result they expected. they expected more people to start going to church, and they haven't. in fact many of u have stopped going when they took out the poetry of the old verse and prayer"
"it depends, if you've just fried bacon or sausage, the bread would be fried in that and the taste is much better than just using lard. if just butter wa used, the bread would be soggy, it should be brown and crispy (preferably with a fried egg on top!). yummy!"
you don't have victory if you still remain in your sins. jesus died so we could have victory over our sin but whats the use in believing christ took our sin upon himself if you still keep sinning. it's like an alcoholic that say he's free from the bondage of alcohol but keep drinking.
"a long a christianity, a well a several of the other ""ultimate truths"", have a their end and gleefully sought after goal, the end of the world, and a long a they believe that their right are being violated if they are denied the opportunity to use the coercive power of the state to shove their god down every one throat, you will have to put up with u being in your face. why should we abandon a forum where we can let you know that you will not be allowed to carry out the silly ""end times"" rubbish that you seem to forget would include the rest of us."
"integrate a person into society, or integrate persona into a single self? in both instances, one need to be mindful of the deficit that exists, and make a conscious effort to be cohesive, inclusive, connected, and together."
"i doodle just about everything especially flowers, and i usually find myself doing calligraphy type stuff or eyes...i'm always doing eyes...or eye. i start drawing an eye then draw hair around it for that whole one eye sexy kind of thing i guess"
some people are just born beautiful and lucky like you and i are. :p hehe guess who...?
because they love you!. . and i am jewish!
"racism is on the rise a a direct result of all the extremist out there killing innocent people in the name of religion or some other excuse, i prefer to judge each person on there action whatever they may look like, the caucasian you refer to aern't insecure there just fed up of being preached to and murdered because of someone else's extreme religious beliefs, . . on the whole the uk is very tolerent of others no matter what there background, that's certainly the case where i come from and hope it continues that way...,,,"
in the philippine this mean a clay pot which used to be used for storing water. it is a tagalog word.
only joseph would have known for sure being the most offended party... and god sent an angel... others in the community would have gone along with joseph either way. . joseph wa goign to divorse her quietly buyt the angel stopped him
"well, what is your last name??? write me and i tell you how it's pronounced!"
place a small piece of aluminum foil in the microwave for 30 second before using it. this will definitely preheat it.
recently i decided to read the new testament and then the old testament to make sure i had read the entire bible.. . usually though i take the approach that i pray before i read and let the holy spirit guide me.. . there are so many way to approach it and i don't think there are any wrong ways.. . the main thing to me is to pray and ask god to speak to me through his word.
"never heard the term before but the key word is ""avoid."" stand to reason they would learn, know, understand, teach and/or steer clear of all temptation."
"haha, i think it because swiss people don't really speak (or write) the offical high german (though they learn it in school). and it differs a bit from german, so their abbrevation for hauptbahnhof is our abbrevation for two (more or le good, but actually compared to english beer, awesome) beerbrands from munich, hacker braeu and hasen braeu... mhm.... beer... octoberfest..."
"i'm afraid not to many folk are going to understand your meaning. perhaps if you put this under poetry or something similar, people might get your meaning. however, realizing the average mentality of yahoo answer participants, i would say your chance are quite small."
"i am going home for thanksgiving, and really looking forward to seeing my family. i have to go to some highschool and give recruiting talks, but other than that i have plan to play soccer and street hockey with my friend and eat a big turkey dinner at my cousin's house."
"good answer, and check the bottle because it must be 100% juice...it usually show on the bottle but check if it's per ounce. if it's not 100% juice, it's mainly sugar water...and make u obese!"
"i agree with you completely. i think it's old men who think girl of 16 are sweet. i felt terrible at 16 - spotty, self-conscious and plump. (my mum thought i wa gorgeous though.)"
"they might get kicked out!. not me, of course.. i come and go at will.. i am a wizard you know."
"the dictionary and encyclopedia i have used do not capitalize atheism or atheist. capitalization is reserved for proper nouns. the non-belief of any deity is not a religion, and thereby not considered a proper noun."
it depends on the plastic. but to some degree or another they are all some what porous
"my boyfriend is the same, and honestly, for a lot of girls, bigger is not better. he's perfect. also keep in mind, it's the foreplay that is the most important part of getting a girl off. if you start to ob about that a much a you ob about your size now, you'll be amazing in bed!"
"my grandmother, may she rest in peace, made the most delicious cranberry sauce and, when we asked how she did it, she said read the bag of cranberries. mine came out like hers and everyone love them. the bag of the ocean spray cranberry ha a couple good recipe that are simple.. plus you can make them the day before."
"i wish i knew! maybe it's important to people that sex remain more of a mystery, but letting child (particularly) see the violence in movies, tv shows, even cartoon make no sense to me at all. i don't know why mindless violence sell so well either, i'm not saying we should censor it, i just don't see the attraction. sorry i'm not more help............"
we usually say what we mean... i certainly do... if you dont like then go away and dont ask stupid questions... in fact your question isnt even grammatically correct what do british people say and what do they mean?
"i believe it date back to the court day when men--coming from battle to meet the noble ladies--wore helmets. it wa considered impolite and unchivalrous to not allow the woman to see the face of the knights, so they were removed.. . i have no source for that, btw, i just remember reading it somewhere. it's entirely possible that i'm wrong."
"well said. i think it's more that they are brainwashed by someone (or a religion) telling them it is wrong. it is easier for them to just go along with this than use, and think with their mind and realise the same thing a you or me, that everyone is different. none of u are right or wrong, just different."
"paella is the most typical spanish dish, originated from the valencia region, although it's cooked in different way all over spain.. the main ingredient is rice, and you can have paella de marisco (seafood), paella de carne (meat), paella mixta (meet and vegetables, or even meat, vegetable and seafood), which is the best one! in a mixed paella you will find squid, prawns, cigalas (not sure how that's called in english), mussels, chicken or rabbit (commonly eaten in spain), artichokes, peppers. some people use pea or chickpea too.. paella is cooked in a special pan called ""paellera"" which is massive and take up the whole cooker, and some family will take it to the table and eat it without dish or cutlery, just using the shell of the mussels.. once cooked, it must be left to rest for 10-15 min covered with some newspaper sheet and ideally you should get a mildly burnt crusty layer on the bottom, ""el sucarrao"", the best bit of the whole dish!"
"yes you can, but definitely it will show that it ha been wrinkled before. you can moist a washcloth and put it on top of the paper and iron it, it will help a lot. good luck!"
pachelbel's canon wa not discovered. johann pachelbel wrote his famous piece of music canon in d around 1860. canon doe not mean a cannon (the weapon) or canyon (the landform).
"it mean that the 'he' in question life separate from the world, feeling rejected although it is probably his own choice to be alone. 'he' may or may not feel a though 'he' ha any choice in the matter, regardless."
"but of course... if u r damn busy, how can u mingle and socialize with people...???"
"well there is this guy and he is an african american just like me, but he ha these green eye and i am actually off of this guy, i think i am begining to stalk him cause i know if he had brown eye he would be just like the rest of the boy to me. but to me i think the color of the eye make them attractive, i love hazel,blue and green eye the most! but i also think that the size and shape both can be a factor in the attractivness of the eyes, to me i think larger eye are cute and almond shaped ones! i also like guy with long eye lash and guy with good eye brows, not arched though!"
i've seen some of your response you make to people and you are mean and need to get a life. fat a@# beeeeeactch.
tell her how you and your friend are when you all are drunk. tell her that it wouldnt be a good idea because of this..
"i do smoke, and i smoke du murier and rothman's blue. the reason why i smoke would be because ummm ( i know real dumb huh?) i just get some sort of satisfaction out of it.... a lil bit of relief...it's strange really, and i'm not addicted either, i can go day without smoking. i have been smoking since i wa 14 and i am 24....damn that look so bad."
the word goth come from the age in art where painting were done in darker color and also the buliding were done with different type of archways. now the the cause of sleepy hollow i believe that it refurring to the fact that the story ha dark element and is set in the victoran age when the goth art wa starting to become popular.
"scrying is a method of divination using a mirror, bowl of water, crystal ball etc. you can also use it for trance work and pathworking, a well a a way to recive unique personal gnosis, connect with past lives, ancestor etc. it is typically done on new moon and around samahain when the veil are thin. rubing the surface with mugwort also aid in the process, a doe candle light, and the ability to meditate or sit quietly for at least 20 minutes."
"the importance of reading book is gaining new insight or perspective on issue that matter to the reader that help them to have a new understanding of the world around them. reader can apply the insight in everyday life or a a way of building upon the knowledge that already encompasses their mind and enrich their lives.. . the importance of book are also found in how new discovery pertaining to history are uncovered and/or revealed where the relevance of this the new information need to be applied or amended in what already exists about a particular issue, topic or event. thus, ""new"" book on existing issue are important because sometimes fact ""change."""
"by evaporating the excess water. usually with heated air passing over the full strength product.. . what you don't read on most concentrated orange juice labels, is that the juice is pasteurized a well. that mean it wa heated up to a certain temperature, and kept there for a predetermined amount of time, that ha been proven to kill off most bacteria."
"for this type of pie, make and cook the pie crust first, and while it cools, prepare the lemon filling. last prepare the meringue, top the pie and cook."
"dont worry about those little ""flaws"" .....focus on whats great about you!!!!!!!!!!. . maybe you have a nice smile..........great body.......maybe youre hilarious......just remember that youre an amazing person....... . me personally i have a great butt..........lol"
"you should go back from where you bought it , request your money back and never go there again. that is sick"
"there could be but it might be no higher than basic plant life. yet, with the uncountable number of star and planet out there, there could well be.. . the other answer is yes, but there's not much in wigan."
"i love pomegranates! you slice the top off, only about 1/4 of it, then slice a triangle in one side pull that piece out and eat the little berries, from there you can just pull the section apart. mmmm i am jealous. i don't have any."
"i suppose it's the nature of the beast. but the beast is fanatism, not religion itself. there is a difference."
"toronto ha a low crime rate by north american standards, but this is largely because the u.s. ha a high crime rate for a 1st world country. the canadian crime rate is more le the same a the european.. . canada ha a relatively low population/area since much of the country ha a very severe climate, making habitation difficult."
maize is just another name for a type of corn. you don't remove anything from anything.
"because it is not natural. it artificial flavor. that's the reason. try organic and natural soda they actually taste way better than artificial flavored kinds,"
"no one know when, but fire and brimstone will destroy the earth.. . live every day like it's your last, but plan ahead like you're going to live forever."
it is the day that the christian church ha set aside to remember the incarnation of jesus who wa the christ.. it mean christ's mass.
if u r qualified doctor then this is safest otherwise not. g
"designed by peter moore, this shoe gained much of it initial publicity and interest by being banned by the national basketball association. the league stipulated that the black and red shoe violated it color rule"
"deep-fried dish like sweet and sour chicken, sesame chicken and my favorite, general tso's, can pack more than 1000 calorie and about 70 gram of fat! . . i think i'll order the steamed chicken & veggies...."
"heat it up in a hot oven. i suggest that you pre-heat the oven to about 450, then put the biscuits/crackers in for 5 minutes."
"because if you slept with your eye opened you would freak people out, they would think you were dead ... scary !"
when john kennedy got assasinated. i wa a small boy and i couldn't believe it could happen to our president.
"religious food practice vary widely. prohibition and restriction even within a particular faith may change between denomination or branches. national variation are also common. further, individual adherence to a religious diet is often based on personal degree of orthodoxy."
milk white is an off shade of white slightly creamer in colour. eh? it a mixture of cacium and suspended fat that give it it colour
yeah i've encountered her she's very unpleasant. perhaps she ha serious issue in her life
are you being serious? it mean to make a copy of a cd.
existance.. . existing caused thing to react with each other.. . the existing thing wa something like energy that have been around since the beginning.
"many year ago we used gunpowder to treat dog with distemper. i wa curious, , and did not like giving an unknown quantity to my animals, so i sampled it (gingerly) myself. i discovered gunpowder to taste sharp and peppery, with a definite metallic flavor."
"my childhood is such a blurr, i only remember certain things..........it wa a depressing one that i think i chose to forget.....i remember my father never being around, he left when i wa 9 month old, i have 2 older brothers......i remember ugly custody battles........3 day a week me and my 2 brother were at the pshychiatrists office..........i latched on to the first guy i met, and moved out of that house at 16 and purposely got pregnant, i ended up miscarrying.........i then packed up and moved to florida looking for a new life only to get wrapped up in drugs.......i'm over all that now.........thank god, i'm grown up now!!!!!!!!. if i could change anything about it, i wouldn't change a thing........i have learned so much about people it's unreal, i learned that sometimes water is alot thicker than blood!!!!"
"she herself danced the leading role at the metropolitan opera house on october 16, 1943, and received twenty-two curtain call and standing ovations. this triumph, with it americana setting, led richard rodgers and oscar hammerstein to select her to create the dance for their musical oklahoma!."
"attempted murder is bad because the intent to murder wa there...the person just got lucky by missing or being interrupted! had thing gone a planned, the attempt would not have been an attempt but would have been an actual murder."
iam sure 95 cant be a bad a the park way at any time of day. i would rather strip naked and be attacked by bee than drive the friggin parkway.
"if you are not an expert at moonshine, it is not advisable to start making it. if you make it wrong, it'll kill someone."
"the origin are traced to mohenjedaro in modern day iraq. the earliest human where nomad and some moved to the south east ( present day iran, pakistan, afghanistan and india) and others moved to the west i.e, modern day europe."
"at my house we have a crucifix [pretty decent sized] and a statue of mary hanging from the wall in our living room.. she sits on this thing my grandpa got u from vietnam. there are little branch that come out of the base, and we have rosary hang from there. the base make the rosary have an easier access when we go and get them to use."
"good point, please try to consider that on-line, most people are unaware of your age, and often, kid especially, will lie about their age for various reasons.. also for consideration: adult often have no patience for any child other than their own, and even then, not always. it is just the way it ha been forever. . i find myself losing patience, or being intolerant at times, and i do my best to correct this and see the world through my kids' eyes.. a an adult, i apologize for my part in the wrong doing."
"we cant....it is a monstrous task, and one that will not be eradicated until a cure is found. most of these people do not fully understand what aid is, or don't even know it exist, or don't believe it is real. i wa watching a discovery channel presentation and they asked this african woman if she believed she could get aids, her response, ""only bad people get aids"""
"january 9, 2007 . it is called ""forever in blue"" but the book is yellow.... . pretty exciting"
slightly le than the measurement specified.. . i always assume it to mean 7/8 because you can normally measure 3/4.
it's very naughty stuff. don't do it my boy . momma have warned you!!!
"historical proof that they lived there. it is not based on the bible. zionism, especially the first zionist were secular."
"a the name suggest, ""sulabh"" mean easily available and ""sauchalyas"" mean toilets. these toilet are public convenience clean, reasonably lit with attandents on duty during their operational hours. they charge a token sum for use on 'use and pay' basis.. since they are far better managed and maintained than the governemnt / municipal run facility and are available to public for use at desired place all over a city or town, they are famous."
"spirituality is our understanding of the fact that 'i am god'. everyone is god but yet we keep searching for him all across, it an inward journey, an exploration and an expression.. . i think srcm ha done a great work to keep spirituality alive in this world which is so full of bogus guru and fraud religious leaders."
"when he emotionally, physcically or psychologically hurt someone by his sexual acts. of course, it must be with a non-consenting victim."
"isn't panda a protected extinct animal? eating an extinct animal is illegal, isn't it?"
"1 by respecting yourself and by showing the same respect to your friend that would include kindness, consideration, honesty, and keeping your word. with those trait you should gain your friend attention and keep it"
"because they are afraid, yes. i find this rather alarming, even though i can understand it. it's also frightening because it set a precedent. it put the wheel in motion to impose more restriction and loss of privacy, right and freedom for the sake of the illusion of safety."
"alexis is a stripper name, no question. more so because so many stripper happen to name themselves after fancy thing like high class cars....alexis, mercedes, and maybe someday bmw. hell, they even call themselves infinity. take it from me....sadly."
and christianity and islam are both soooooooooo parralell except one of them condones warfare.. . and one is for niggers.
"pico is just diced onion, tomato, and cilantro. no liquid in it or any other ingredient, although some people do add other ingredient a true pico de gallo is just those three. it is a form of a ""salad"", people eat it on it's own or use it to top dish or serve along the side. salsa is of course created in many forms, chunky, juicy, blended, fruit, or veggie and is usually served a a condiment or appetizer on it's own."
"big t mean tablespoon, little t mean teaspoon.. enjoy the donuts!"
"kiss with candy coating and lot of marketing. . a for the answer above, why bother answering if you dont know?"
"let me answer you..firstly,i would recommend you to examine some book and other source in order to achieve a clearest view..neither ancient greek nor modern greek ha anything similar with italian language,respectively latin. moreover, they differ in language dramatically,having also totally different alphabet too. a to the history and culture both are very influential and worth..but similar no..check some more,it's interesting..luck! ps: i have no clue why so many people completely ignorent answer to that question.."
"annette ♀. french pet form of anne, now also widely used in the english-speaking world."
i guess they have nothing much better to do. where else can you be fairly anonymous and blather on about nothing in particular?
"you can write to the oregon board of health for a copy of her death certificate. it is probably ""epps"" there, too.. . i don't know how you correct an ancestry database; sorry."
"on both side of the back of the canvas, tap in a 1 inch long finishing nail about half way in, then tap it so that it bend over. you can use some floral wire to wrap around the nail to the desired length."
do we ? ermmm let me think .........yes we do.......ermm no we don't do we ?huh what wa the question again please !!!
"you will need a horn...soak it, hollow it out, etc. the instruction with photo are found at the site below."
"are you trying to ask a question or are you practicing typing the ""gospel""? i'm curious...."
very freudian if you ask me. . . just don't turn around if you see one coming...
"originally, there wa a need for milkman to deliver milk to people's door every day because refrigerator were still uncommon appliance in household those days, so the milk would spoil if people just bought the milk and left it at room temperature. but now, with fridge being necessities, there's no more need for milkmen, who would also charge money for their service and were liable to being robbed.. . but actually, there are still milkman in the uk and ireland!"
"history ha revealed that before every fall of great civilizations, politics have fallen blindly to world powers, homosexuality, drugs, and all kind of perverseness, including the acceptance of profanity, the desire to further life form, without natural means, and the extermination of life form that have become someone judgment of uselessness ha led to the undermining and the downfall of that civilization; unfortunately this is no longer taught in our history class today and people cannot see what is happening in our own usa and therefore they blame the religious, a in all previous culture for the curse of god upon, which fall on the just and the unjust, but we've done it to ourselves, by rejecting god at every opportunity to keep our nation based on christian values, by keeping a separation of state and church, and by allowing the abomination of god to become acceptable standard of our american way of life. this is not the first time in civilized history that the ""signs"" have been loud and clear - jesus warned how viperous the generation that only seek the sign and do not focus on him. it is easy to be distracted by all that is going on, but we're not the first civilization to be in this situation, and i personally, not speaking on god's behalf, do not believe we will be the last."
"i do lot of bread baking a well. . what i have found is to use mollasses or honey instead of white/brown sugar.. another thing to try, is for your liquid, try using yogurt. and for more flavor, fruit flavored yogurt."
"my cat went to jump off the roof of the house and his back paw got stuck on a piece of wood. he wa hanging up side down and looking at me in side my computer room. it wa the funniest pic i ever took. funny thing about that, my camera wa right next to me."
"yeah, but did god flood the world with water - i mean good old h-two-o? i'm not sure it ever say that specifically. i prefer to believe that he flooded the world with jell-o. sound like more fun to me but unfortunately lethal for the poor little fishies..."
"they are the finest people on the planet, generous, hospitable, and easy going. they are generally well-educated and proud of their command of the language."
tarun mean young . hmmm.... . probably they thought this way he will be a tarun even when he will cross 60!
4.5 one of them is a blonde. thus the .5
he belief you have the ring of power! quick! to mt. doom!
a pastor is a shepherd of the people. a priest is catholic. a minister is protestant. a preacher is evangelistic a opposed to teacher
"a unlikely a it seems looking at a stalk of rhubarb, when you bake it in a pie, following a good recipe to get the right proportion of rhubarb to other ingredients, the result is quite juicy and delicious. it's a bit like a tart apple pie. sometimes, people will make strawberry rhubarb pie, which is a little sweeter, because of the strawberries. rhubarb and strawberry often come out in the garden at the same time, making them a natural combo."
"cause people need someone to blame for their problems. if people did what they were told my best friend who is a cop wouldn't need a tazar, nightstick, and pepperspray to go with his gun. people always want to put down cops, but who do they call when some punk is stealing their car?"
how else do you think they can afford to pay for all of their court cost's and moving priest to different locations. secrecy doesn't come cheap.
"just what the damn word means, attrac-tion.. . what attracts a tourist to a certain location/place in a country. :rolleyes:"
"""δυναμός"" i don't really think it exists in greek language.there are several other words, like ""δυναμικός"" meaning ""dynamic"",""powerfull"" having, root is the word ""δύναμις"" which means""strength"",""power"".the verb is ""δύναμαι"" that mean ""i have strength"", ""i have power"". someone with a ""will to fight"" would be called ""μαχητικός"" from the word ""μάχη"" that mean ""battle"". the verb is ""μάχομαι"",that mean ""i fight"", ""i go in battle"". i hope the greek character are readable"
"if you mean a japanese boy studying life of the chinese, well, it's like an american in paris. even if they live in the same continent, they still differ in country, language and culture."
"i wa taught by my parent who were born in the 40's and raised in the 50's, that being dressed to the nine wa a term they used to say that you were dressed so impeccably well, so expensively, being a back then and even now, a well a century preceding my typing this definition out on this page, being able to afford nine yard of fabric to make one outfit etc, wa an implication of extreme wealth. opulence."
american english is great when you live in america. british english is great when you live here in england.. they are both just a good.. it really is the accent and slang (oh and that tiny spelling differences) that make the difference. personally i am a sucker for american accents.. and american to mine.. we all live happily ever after..
you make a really good point! the majority of u say we're fine even if we're not. and i think we ask because it's polite and it start a conversation off (if you just said 'hello' it's pretty closed isn't it? 'how are you' furthers the conversation).
"swfs find partner by being proactive and pursuing men. make sure your expectation are realistic, and find some folk who are willing to introduce guy to you. remember that ""nice guy finish last"", so the nice guy are probably not the one who are hitting on you (if anyone is)."
"it's what the united state of america wa founded on, it's the constitution, it's also what we don't have anymore. we're not by the people, of the people, or for the people. now it's only the people with $$$$$."
"soak them in water before adding the meat and veggies. best thing is to soak them, then immediately assemble then cook right away."
"""despite their rat-like appearance, carnies are king among men."". and that can't be gay."
"the christian community doe not worry about stem cell research, we worry about baby being murdered to save adults. since it is hard to control what go on in private lab once this activity is started, it is best to stay clear of launching into this practice."
"the van cliburn international piano competition...the van cliburn competition is held every four year and the winner/runner-ups receive substantial cash prize plus a concert tour at world-famous venue featuring piece of their choice. this competition now rival the tchaikovsky competition and is often dubbed ""the most prestigious in the world""."
"the expression is ""chip on the shoulder"". it refers to an old form of challenge....a person would place a ""chip"", probably of wood, on his shoulder and challenge someone to knock it off. if the other person accepted the challenge, they would fight. the expression now mean someone who seems to be looking for a fight, or at least a disagreement, all the time."
same reason you get upset at the small little weenie comment we give you!!
"you mean someone that emmigrated to canada? i dont know about university in canada, but citizen in the u have lower tuition cost etc, and also they are more qualified for scholorships."
"watch a binny hinn video, and send lot and lot a money.. . . he ha a outlet in canada.. . ."
"the image on tv, in advertisements, referred to in music nowadays is porn. it exploit our human sexuality, creates feeling of hate and distrust for the opposite sex. i can't stand it."
"the term man (irregular plural: men) is usually used for an adult, with the term boy being the usual term for a male child or adolescent (sometimes also applied to adult men). however, the term is also used for a male human regardless of age, sometimes even extended to more primitive humanoid then the present specie homo sapiens sapiens, a in apeman."
"it a song with many meanings..on a graphic level, it about a couple 'gay love'..however, tool themselves say it more then that. i believe it talking about the de-sensitisation of society, meaning we crave more and more of everything ''its not enough, i need more, nothing seems to satisfy''. look at 'vicarious' off the new album a well, thats another excellent song :)"
"i can agree with that, but i don't think it change anything. at least not form my perspective."
morality is the concern with the distinction between good and evil or right and wrong. moral is conforming to standard of what is right or just in behavior. immoral is deliberately violating accepted principle of right and wrong.
"why waste your money on stuff like a strip club when it obvious you could do with writing and spelling lessons?. if i wa your wife, i think i would save the 5dollars every day and drink water with friends....at least that way i would soon have enough money to divorce you!"
why do we use tool to conduct a bible study?. . tool such a bible study or handbook can be useful in helping you understand certain passage of scripture or whole chapters.
"ask and you will know not ...the way that you are gay is not in question ...for the answer is not in the mind but in the heart...now go seek and your heart shall follow, into the forest and meditate for 7days, then hence forth climb the mountain of rock only retreat if the answer fails you.. . dude it just because you are, there is no answer just go with what you feel in your heart and you will be happy and ignore all those that try to bring you down and that go for all the people who are told they cant be who they are, gay or straight-be happy with you."
"no, because time is so confusing and delicate. if you stepped on a butterfly and killed it, that could have been the butterfly that the man who came up with writing word saw and inspired him, and without it our word would be different if word at all, so when you came back, it would be like a whole other planet. i would prefer not to."
"try contacting the school listed below or checking their website for high school offerings. sometimes there are summer class offered through museum a well that would be good on a high school resume/portfolio. while you may not get credit, extra effort to attend class are always a plus."
"to know the meaning of life, you must know the meaning of death.. . until you have died, you cannot know the answer."
put a call out to your alien buddies. tell them not to forget their lazer guns.
"you cannot get the personal email of any celebrity. but if you go to imbd, you may find her agent. you can also write to the movie studio where she last worked. there is probably a fan club out there somewhere, too."
cocker spaniel cuz they are so sweet and cute!!!
"best advice is, don't cowtail to anyone else's manic codependency. you don't have to make friend with everyone. at the same time, cordiality is appreciated."
you might want to try bottled water. also you may want to clean your coffee machine out using 50/50 bottled water and white vinegar. then run a clean water rinse through it and start making coffee again. sometimes tap water contains chemical in it that cause coffee to be bitter.
you are making assumption here that are not based in fact. remember clinton wa a democrat. ted kennedy is a democrat. that door swing both ways.
"follow the teaching and guideline of your faith. be good and be your best, and you can be a saint to many people. there are many everyday saint in this world today, we just have to look harder in life for the everyday miracles, life is beautiful"
"it probably mean she's had really shitty luck with men! if you can make yourself orgasm, you can tell a man what he can do to get you there too!"
"tassimo, it make any kind of coffe drink and hot chocolate. fast and easy to clean"
"how can there be a common difference? if they are different they dont have much in common, lol"
te amo - i love you. te quiero - i want you. . pretty big difference
"i want to get married and have kid and be a good mommy, and i'll do anything(as long a it doesn't include needles! lol)"
"if you have to ask, you'll never know. hehehehe. what else can i say ? :d"
"today many believe it is exercise... but it's actually a way to get closer to god.. . it isn't used a it is meant for, so what it appears to be it isn't really."
just be nice to girl and don't try too hard. just think of them a male who look different. were not scary you know! a soon a you start acting different around a girl we can tell.. so just be yourself.
"many misconstrue stress a a negative factor when it fact it is usually what propels u onward. like a rubber band with no tension applied to it, we don't normally do much without some stress or tension to motivate us. distress, on the other hand, can be harmful a it occurs when stress isn't dealt with appropriately."
"honestly i found lourdes ""lourds"" which in french can mean a bit heavy, depressing, and annoying. i'm not religous really and while i appreciate beautiful churchs, i found lourdes very disturbing, just ton of tourist (mostly sick and old), with incredible amount of horribly tacky thing for sale. so no, i didn't feel mary's presence there and wa happy to leave quickly."
fine i will choose you. but only if you choose me i promise.
"i dont know why they have no conciouse in order to do such a thing, but i do know that from the time of conception, their is a heartbeat, this is the first thing to develope, and therefore if you abort this fetus you are actually murdering a human child that ha not had the chanceto live a full life the way god had intended it too. for that anyone who ha had an abortion, is commiting a major sin in god eye by commiting murder"
you use answer at your own risk. sad but true.
"stop your dream fantasy. concentrate on a new hobby/work which is interesting to you, work hard, sleep well."
"time is a man-made concept, invented to track history and to plan future events. in truth, the only ""time"" we can count on is the present: the past is gone, never to return, and the future is promised to no one!"
"history is someone’s interpretation of events. this is why you can not trust a single source for information, but must get a much information a possible from different source and making your own conclusions."
meat is floured so that when you brown it the juice are sealed in and also whatever juice come out of the meat the flour also is a thickening agent. to me the le work when the meat is finished the better. i prefer to flour my meat so it take le time to make the gravy and then you can sit down and have your delicious meal faster.
"atlantic, warm summer with both overcast and sunny days. in winter the weather is moderate, with significant rain and wind, although sometimes the cold climate of asturias result in snowfall at sea level."
"maybe this sound strange to you, (normal) people but what i do is use a new plastic box cutter, cut big, thick chunk of chicken meat, ( no bone ) off a whole raw chicken, a well a some strip of skin, bread it all in a mixture of, (jiffy mix, pancake mix and flour), then deep fry it, wow is that ever good eatin! p.s. the reason i use a box cutter is it seems to cut through the raw chicken much better then any knife i have!"
we're here to waste our time answering question at yahoo! answers.
simply consider the source and realize that they are so small and insignificant in this universe that they really don't have any power over you unless you let your emotion be run by them. plus they may have psychological issue and will probably end up with legal problem in their lives. avoid them and if they just won't let up take it to the principle or police. it's called harassment and that is not legal...
"apparently, tarot card were not always used to tell people fortune – they originally made up a game called tarocchi which wa popular with the italian nobility in the 15th century. tarocchi wa played much like bridge or whist, except that there wa a 5th suit of card that trumped all the other suits. the earliest reported use of tarot card in fortune telling is in venice, italy in 1527, but the fad didn’t take off until 1781 when a french scholar proposed that card in the deck contained the knowledge of the egyptian hieroglyphic book the book of thoth, which he claimed had been saved from the ruin of sacked and burned egyptian temple century earlier."
"because it make it easier for them to criticize them and put them down. you notice that men in particular do this. straight men generally tend to be more threatened by gay men, because they have to question their own sexual preference and a lot of them may have thought about it or done it before and they are too scared to admit it. so they overreact to prove to everyone that they are not gay."
i don't understand what you are asking. not at all.
isn't that what asking question is about? you want an explanation to your question aka an answer.
"these ""sound"" manly~~. boilermaker, gentlemen's cocktail, damn-the-snow, brave bull, bloody mary, harvey wallbanger, italian screwdriver, hardball cooler, slow comfortable screw, naked pretzel, blowjob, dirty ashtray, hummer, gorilla snot, alien secretion, cement mixer, blackjack, open wound, alabama slammer, kamikaze or just scotch and water ;)"
"psychological threrapy is 'talking therapy', usually with a psychologist, psychotherapist or counsellor.. it can be used on it own or in conjunction with medication prescribed. by a psychiatrist."
"anything that would prevent you from sweating would most likely kill you, over time. even a short period of blocking what is a natural function would probably cause harm."
"i usually check the brownie to see if the edge are crisping faster than the middle, if they are, i line the edge with a strip of aluminum foil to keep them from cooking faster than the middle. try not to over grease the edge of your baking dish if you use metal, pyrex glass work to cook a bit more evenly, but you still have to watch the edges."
"fudge is a type of confectionery, usually extremely rich and often flavored. it is made by boiling sugar in milk to the soft-ball stage, and then beating the mixture while it cool so that it acquires a smooth, creamy consistency.. . american folk lore ha it that fudge wa invented in the united state more than 100 year ago. the exact origin is disputed, but most story claim that the first batch of fudge resulted from a bungled batch of caramel made on february 14, 1886—hence the name ""fudge."""
you are effin hilarous. thanks for making me snort tea out my nose while laughing.
find another vice to ob over. no more drinking mean a healthy lifestyle. your liver will thank you.
"the weather in england is notoriously rainy. so they have an ""official"" celebration in june, when the weather is usually perfect. that way they can bring out all the guard and bands, and have a big parade, and it won't get rained out.. . there is a le formal remembrance in april, on her real birthday."
he take the lead ... not contol. he step ahead ... and then aside. he hold you firmly ... and whisper sofly
all of the above. although i wa not able to see the low areas. there are a lot of executive subdivision there. it became more convenient to live there since the lrt station is one just one ride from there.
let it cool before you add the ice. don't put it in the fridge.
"well it all go back to the 15th and 16th centruy. spain, who are pious catholics, conquered mexico and south/central america and converted the indian to catholicism. mary is the most common name in honor of jesus' mother."
"just get some heavy cream and whip it until the fat solidifies. there will be a bit of liquid left, but not much. a for salt, it's up to you to add it or not. i do, 'cause unsalted butter is so bland, but it's a personal choice."
start with a spell check program..... . . good luck.
an agnostic is a person who feel that god's existence can neither be proved nor disproved. an atheist is a person who doe not believe in a higher power at all.
"it is heritage or genetic ancestry. it is tracing the parents, grandparents, greatgrandparents, etc. of an individual to see where he or she came from."
"their law are strictly and biasedly based on syariah/islamic law. being a hardlining moslem country it is very oppressing to be there and not be a moslem. you cant hold a cross/bible, you cant have a religious meeting, they also have a religious police who can arrest you and throw you into some dessert jail and behead you unless you convert into a moslem. so go figure!"
"this is determined by state law. some state in the united state allow dating a long a you are over the ""legal age of consent"" which is usually 14 to 16 and are not more than 5 year older than the person that you are having relation with. so it is perfectly legal in some state for a 21 year old guy to date a 16 year old girl."
open the valve and run hot water through all the opening for a few min. that should work fine if you want to use it soon.
contact a canadian embassy. also check out this website..... . good luck!
"g.b., australia, and japan. because of the ocean (in all three countries), and the way it feel when you walk down the street knowing that nobody know you and nobody cares."
"yes. it come from england a long time ago when men could beat their wife for acting out. the law that wa in place stated that a man could onyl beat his wife with a stick no wider than his thumb...hence the saying ""rule of thumb"""
"don't keep it in the fridge. stir it every other day to keep the peanut in suspension, otherwise it will separate from the base."
to make sure the sick s o b doesn't do it again. 100% guaranteed!!!
"i have visited india.its a great country ! but a you say that most of the people dont eat beef and pork in india,the macdonalds menu is mostly suiting to indian taste a in it us indian spice and mostly the menu are all veggie (the non veg item being chicken and fish ) .and yes they are a craze and doing very well indeed!"
it is from bacteria in the mouth or from acid reflux from the stomach. . . brushing the teeth and/or getting help from a doctor for the acid issue are the cures.
"he wa a deranged, drunk lunatic. don't heed a single word of that fascist b@$t@rd."
"they would only get a flat side if they stopped during the manufacturing process, but they keep rolling and moving. this keep them spherical.. . then they go through a sort of waterfall of chocolate to be covered, again moving all the time."
"maybe the city law requires it! i don't know, i haven't noticed it before."
"the mango (mangifera spp.; plural mango or mangoes) is a genus of about 35 specie of tropical fruiting tree in the flowering plant family anacardiaceae, native to india, pakistan[citation needed] and southeast asia, of which the indian mango m. indica is by far the most important commercially. reference to mango a the ""food of the gods"" can be found in the hindu vedas. the name of the fruit come from the tamil word mangaai[1], and popularised by the portuguese after their indian exploration, hence the word 'manga' in portuguese."
"1.it is of greek origin, and it mean ""stone"". . 2.it is of english origin. short form of helen, eleanor (greek) ""light."""
"you need to go to the manager of your local border and barnes & noble bookstore and speak with them about your book. i travel, and on many occassions to one of these bookstore have found myself amid a showcase of a local writer, with a reception and question and answer session. so seek out how to do this and then invite a group of guest that will buy your book and maybe a couple of local bookclub to get the word out and open people up to discussing your book."
are you really going to believe any answer that anyone give on this one?. . or are you just trying to say that miracle don't happen?
"passive-aggressive behavior refers to passive, sometimes obstructionist resistance to authoritative instruction in interpersonal or occupational situations. sometimes a method of dealing with stress or frustration, it result in the person attacking other people in subtle, indirect, and seemingly passive ways. it can manifest itself a resentment, stubbornness, procrastination, sullenness, or intentional failure at doing requested tasks. for example, someone who is passive-aggressive might take so long to get ready for a party they do not wish to attend, that the party is nearly over by the time they arrive."
"thats what relgion is about. look at the history of abuse, torture, inquistions, stonings, sharia, burnings, abuse in kid homes, magdelen laundry (look it up under uk and ireland), gay abuse and sexisim."
"you will find several piece of garlic bunched together. each of these is one clove (sometimes called a bud, toe, finger or pod)."
"a society rise and fall by it support of the arts. never did a society in history rise without honoring and supporting the arts. likewise, never ha a society fallen without first letting it interest in art and music wane."
"cash, credit card, direct debit to bank account.. . but from where and by what mode of transport and from whom do you want to buy the ticket - you need to give some basic information to get helpful answer"
are you not happy with the way you are??
it mean 'at first sight'. the whole view in one sight.
nekid? go to rue morgue . . caution graphic!
"e·vap·o·rat·ed milk (-vp-rtd). n.. concentrated, unsweetened milk made by evaporating some of the water from whole milk."
i go for the architecture. you should check out the travel brochure.
"inside problems, created/ assisted/ promoted by foreigners! some locals, for their own profit, betrayed their country and here we are!!!!"
a really quiet person is usually more confident. having to. talk a lot is a sign of insecurtiy and quiet people are much. more interesting because you never know what they are thinking.
why to black have rhythm. why are scot thrifty? why do irish drink? it sound like a stereotypical observation to me.
"what i imagine when i hear that word is a wooden bowl handled by a bushman, which if filled with crushed dried corn and sour cream. strange, but that's me."
what church is this that ha whore in it? i need to start going there.
"egg a dairy?. egg and milk product are in some circumstance grouped together under the heading of dairy, probably because fresh egg were often sold by milkmen. for example, the open directory project at one point listed cooking egg a a subcategory of cooking dairy products. however, dictionary definition of ""dairy"" are limited to milk product and, a a result, will always exclude egg and egg product"
i had no idea they do that. i will have to check it out!
"people will only stop certain behavior when they themselves are ready to. anyone else can ask, threaten, cajole and plead but until they themselves decide enough is enough they won't change."
"in latin the word for ""spirit"" is ""anima,"" all creature posse this.. human and animals, too. the latin word for ""soul"" is ""animus,"" and only human posse that.. . spirit is temporal, soul is eternal."
a clown. john wayne gasey wa a clown who killed people and remember it.
ha ha ha lol. make him a stay at home dad there is some house arrest for ya!!
it would help validate the old testament. that would give credibility to the jewish claim for the temple mount. which would open up a can of worm in the middle east. if it were found the world would change overnight.
um....i don't know but he's a hottie so i'd definitly watch him!!!
you can say porque no te cierras el hocico. which mean why dont you close your pie hole!
"well, if something isnt, then you just need 2 decide whether it should be or not. simple."
"being cynical is being doubtful, negative, disbelieving.. . being sarcastic is when you use irony or the opposite of what is being said in order to be humorous, prove a point, or let someone know that they're being an idiot."
"i am guessing, but i think the glass is not affixed in the frame and slide down revealing the hole and the down more covering it again. my thought on it."
"instead of a screw top? because they have older brewery and like bottling the traditional way, no need to retro fit!"
"i think if they had a choice they would not have been married again also.. they were married to someone they loved so much,that they remained faithful to his memory through the years.. . will you pick me for the best answer this time to show people how yahoo answer is going to ?. anyway i forgive you for what you've said."
"typically, the fine art are restricted to painting, sculpture, and architecture. this definition is based upon ideal constructed during the renaissance. however, current thinking in art aesthetic theory support that the art includes a wide range of media, including but not limited to digital art, photography, ceramics, and yes, even illustration. however, many university and other institution cling to the former opinion that fine art is restricted to only traditional type of art."
usa ruled and rule fashon.. what they do in the usa is immediately copied everywhere.. graffiti is pop culture.. how can u imagine a different source of ideas??
""" the wisest man know what he doesnt know "" - chinese proverb . i like it because it make you think and not act like a fool."
"most every woman is capable of this. it depends more on your skill a a lover, and your ability to make her relax."
"train or busses. i've travelled like that around most of europe and it wa great. it's cheaper than renting a car, so you can use the money to see more places. :)"
"17 is the age of consent in missouri.. . so, no to a 20 year old and a 13 year old.. . a 17 year old can date anyone they choose."
"i live in a small town a well, and i think that happens in every town. what i have done is i just dont care what people have to say anymore, because it is all the same no matter what everyone ha an opinion and most people feel inclined to give it just ignore them all. and be careful who you make friend with and how much info you divulge"
"# people of lower socioeconomic stratum tend to speak more loudly even at rest from chronicaly being forced to assert themselves if they want to get even the simplest right of respect etc.. # stupidity(like when you are drunk) lead to disinhibition which is associated with loud voice. # i seriously question their femininity.. # this is not racist at all, it must be acknowledged that every race ha certain traits,making generalization of good/bad genre is racist .. i never mentioned anything about good or bad."
if you meant mole they are there to eat your plant and flowers. go to the landscape store and get some dried blood it really smell but it will work we had to do that after my mom replaced the flower she wa growing for my wedding 3 times.
"my reuben never had jam. could it be a monte cristo? monte cristos feature swiss cheese and ham sandwiched together with sturdy white bread, battered and deep fried. they are served with a thin dusting of powdered sugar and a side of seedless blackberry jam."
"nothing on this earth life without the death of something else. it is eat or be eaten. no amount of civility, culture or education can change that."
"histamenon nomisma (n) . a gold coin of the byzantine empire; the new name for the nomisma after the tetarteron nomisma wa issued around 963.. synonyms: histamenon, stamenon nomisma"
lay in an open tray for 2 day out in the sun. it will dry up and then you can crush the leaf out.
"doodle bops!!! i used to watch them. they're kind of scary if you really think about it, people dressed up in body paint and clown costume and plastic wigs-their song are about sharing and finding adventures. i think blue clue or dora is le frightening, though."
"^-^wikipedia explanation^-^. supay wa both the god of death and ruler of the uca pacha a well a a race of demons. some believe he ha been adopted by christian mythology a the fallen angel satan. canonically, satan ha never been a ruler of hell (or hades), but a future prisoner of it (see satan)."
i guess you are referring to the term in reference to using sonar. sonar us sound wave to scan for object in the ocean. it can also be used to determine the depth of the bottom of the ocean or lake or loch ness a the case may be.. i think the term come from sound oscillation navigation and ranging?
it is very hot and humid. it doe have mild winter though.
"it is a lie. it is a claim for the evolution people that once man wa a monkey, and somehow evolved into man. it's also qouted from what is known a a darwin theory. it's totally unfounded."
"the term lamb, hoggett or mutton are used to describe the meat of a domestic sheep. the meat of a sheep a year old or younger is generally known a lamb, whereas the meat of an older sheep is either hoggett or mutton depending on it age and characteristics. in some country all such meat is referred to a lamb. all of these are known generically a sheepmeats."
"if you drink the appropriate amount you get happy then sad then really mean, start a fight you can't finish and you won't remember the taste coming back up. you will just have sticky hair when you wake. i won't drink it anymore!!!"
a you have been told..their hump carry their water. i think their hump hold enough water for 3 weeks.
"each of u ha a passion about something, and some of u have greater passion than others. when we feel that deeply, it's not hard to notice. this make it easy for those who like to offend, maybe out of jealousy (they don't have a great a passion), maybe out of just plain spite, who knows. it's not just christians, it's muslims, jews, atheist (oh yes, they too have a passion, for disproving god), you name it."
"it's there to keep the environment in the display case humid. it help when you're displaying gem and especially pearls, which need humidity to retain it lustre."
"become a volunteer at a orphanage, an soup kitchen, travel to distressing part of the world and stay for a while. these type of action may inspire a sense of compassion in your heart."
"use water, preferably from a source that you know is a pure a possible and is natural, like a stream. if you wish to do some sort of ritual to bless the water, do that. take up a soft cloth, dip the crystal in the water and wipe it clean. if, after a good scrubbing, there is still dirt, well, that's a natural thing, so just live with it."
well they are business people and gujuus too are business people. both are predominant in mumbai and surroundings. so natural attraction and common share of information. once you settle at some place you adapt to that culture.
on internet people can hide their real identity.they dont search 4 partners.they r only doing time-pass.everything on net that people tell about themselves is merely wrong. so it only 4 fun sake.
your girlfriend is the world. you are the traveler. think about it.
because we fall off if it wa flat. i stole this answer from someone eles
what in the world are you talking about? put down that pipe little girl.
an avocado will ripen if left out on a counter. don't put in refrig it stop the riping process. it will get soft to the touch.
"different reasons..personal preference, some believe it get them noticed more. i don't think people actually assume someone is dumb because of the color of their hair, but i can't speak for everyone. but for me, it's just a joke.. . and black hair rocks."
"i think it is notios astir (νοτιος αστηρ) but that's just a guess, i'm not 100% sure for that. in modern greek, though, i'm pretty sure it is asteri tou notou (αστερι του νοτου)"
"i'm a christian, first of all, and i believe in the existence of heaven and hell, but i completely agree with you. i can't possibly understand how someone could ever be evil enough to, when faced with the reality of god and his presence, turn it away! even the worst of the worst -- all have mental problems, like hitler or serial killers. it seems like everyone would make it to heaven."
"that's his name. jesus the nazarene, king of the jews."
"sunni is what cho"" got before the urge......... . shi'te is the relief after the forementioned urge.. . ."
"creating perspective, specifically grid for perspective. proportioning, using fraction and comparisons, say a person a being so many head tall. . suerat used math to determine his pointillism style so many dot to create colour, and to create an image."
"even an over-simplified answer to that question of yours would take page and page of explanations.. . apart from historical and theological reasons, the practical difference have also political and sociological roots."
your name look persian.. why would you ask a question you know the answer to ??????
an art form created by people who can't paint or sculpt but are so desperate to be artists. it's a fake art to ridiculed. this reply could be considered conceptual art...if i deem it so.
"outline mean the line that form the outer edge and show the size of something, a description that give the main fact only, . to describe the main point of an idea or plans."
"heat the oil, put in the chilli for a few seconds, then let it cool and bottle it (or put it in airtight jars).. . it will get hotter the longer you leave it..."
"the answer is simple, you have the wrong perception of what evolution states.. . if you take the time to study the detail instead of simply repeating ridiculous strawman charlatan like dr. dino propagate, you'd know that this cartoonish depiction of evolution is nothing more than a deception aimed at people with no real interest in understanding. by the way, perhaps we are seeing ape-man creature and just haven't recognized it for what it is:"
"in most places, pedestrian have the right away so they think you have to stop for them. this is the wrong thought.. . i just speed up....that teach them to look next time. unless of course, i hit them."
"because he didn't create languages. the tower of babel wa just a story to explain why there were black people who spoke a different language.. . english evolved from latin, like spanish, italian, portuguese, etc."
"when not in use - to protect it from the outside element of dirt, bird poop, insects, weather, etc. when in use - to keep the moisture in the meat and flavor from the smoke and seasoning stay in the moisture of the meat, chicken, pork, sausage, vegetables, potatoes, shrimp, etc. that way it all cook thoroughly without losing any flavor or tenderness."
"you say ich with your throat - kind of like a cat hiss. liebe is pronounced ""leebeh"". dich is like ich with a d in front of it. hope that helps!"
"i believe lupin iv to be partially correct. what is interesting is that the sinjin pronounciation only applies when st john is a last name. i assume these to be ""aristocratic"" deformations. i'm just, for some reason, not entirely sure about the scotish connection..."
"meramec cavern (different from meramec state park) ha some campgrounds. it's a little west of six flags, and they have camping close to the river and it's quieter, cheaper, and le crowded than meramec state park. it's nice."
"the easter egg come from pagan origins. easter wa a pagan celebation of rebirth once spring began. it wa adopted by early christians. the egg is symbolic of rebirth, so it is used."
"what a interesting statement, surely if your intellect wa so awesome then you would already know the awnser. therefore by asking this question you are admitting that someone ha a greater intellect. therefore you already know the answer and you are looking for confirmation, in which case you are indecisive and thus of very little use at all, or your intellect is not that awesome in which case i shall leave you with one little piece of advice: arrogance isolates you from people hearts, thus you cannot serve humanity a you are isolated from them. i suggest you find yourself a patron and get rid of any indecisive behaviour, so oneday you may become useful for the goal and ambition of whatever noble patron you choose."
"i think consciousness ha a place in the cosmic game, the atom and universe game, the big game. i can't imagine that it's mindless - there's too much organization, and the organization is too incredible."
i think you mean clemantis or clematis. it is a purple leather flower.
"they always use long pant when going to mosque. in turkey, you even can not find any male who us skirt when going to mosque. probably, it's a kind of traditional wearing in the middle east and nothing to do with religion."
"alcohol content mainly. some homebrewed hard alcohol can be 99% alcohol or 198 proof. by comparison, a bottle of jack daniel is 80 proof or 40% alcohol."
"back in ancient times, there were various god who were depicted with horn and associated with fertility. it is also used today in photograph when someone give someone else 'bunny ears'- most people don't even know what they are doing!"
"very well said man!. i trust you are an american and im glad that you see that western europe is ahead of you guy for once. here in england we didnt realy have much of a problem when they put the gay marriage thing to vote and we seem to be more accepted every day, but from what i can see of some american attitude it must be terrible at times.. i wish all the world would just be free to do a they please and people just smile and walk on by"
"chandra stand for moon,but the part later is either shekor or shikhor or shekhor.. well,shekor mean root,. shikhor mean peak,. shekhor mean brightness.. but according to indian mythology,chandrashekhor is a side name for lord shiva,who is always ready to forgive."
because the bible say charity begin at home? just a thought
"because god said, ""let there be a disgusting purple thing that grows on vine and is eaten by few""....and the egg plant wa created and god saw that it wa good. to answer your question...i don't know why it's called an egg pant."
purdue and others feed more corn to their chicken it make them more yellow. some say this make a healthier more tasty chicken.
i believe in the science and probable data a it relates to our earth and mankind. i believe in this because it's presented in the context of the formulation of information through proved methodology of dissemination. i choose to believe in this a opposed to religious belief presented by hundred of million of people with individual faith based reasoning for which they have only one source of information and that being their respective religious book of biblical accountings.
"i only know how to put an elephenet in the fridge on 3 steps. so, open the fridge, put the elephenet and close the fridge. maybe smth like that with a ref."
you must be mixing him up with jeffery archer. but if he ever went to jail it must be for writing fiction that had people carried away!
lol..cute.. . actually they didn't wear anything until they had to leave the garden.. . they were nakie! woo!
"stop letting the evil curiosity of your mind mess up something good with your man. no, you do not need to know what life is life with a woman, be hetero like god intended and do not feed into evil."
emotional. usually refers to people to listen to emotional rock.
"author rarely have any say in who design the front cover of their books. their editor and the publishing company of the book seek out an artist (like brom, boris vallejo, frank frazetta, just to name an example or two) and commission that artist to do the cover of the book. usually the front cover is of one particular scene of that book."
"i didn't know this either (though i knew the term and the song ""take me back to dear old blighty""), so i wa fascinated to find that it come from a hindustani word, bilayati, meaning 'foreign'.. . it's odd how some people get labeled a 'foreigners' in their own country. the word 'wales', 'welsh', 'cornwall' and 'walloon' a well a the french for wale (payes de galles) and the latin for france itself 'gaul' or 'gallia' all contain an element that mean 'foreign'.. . blighty is a word no longer used of england, though it might be heard in a sort of jokingly archaic way."
"yum!! i remember those, they tasted like a baked potato."
blood sacrifice are pretty sick! if your wife wa cheating on you would you get a divorce or would you kill your children?
"the brain requires more oxygen than any other organ and oxygen is the lifeblood of the mind. for example; when you laugh, you get more oxygen. pranayama will activate area of your brain that are usually idle and it will slow down the constant die off of brain cells."
"a frequently asked question.. . this question, is in fact, not a f.a.q."
all you need to do is sprinkle lemon juice or vinegar on it. the acid keep it from turning brown!
"you are thinking of the right book.. pretty good book for a classic, huh? depressing, but very good."
"prince harrys mother, diana - princess of wale wa known to have had an affair with him. whether it wa sexual or not, the fact that on national television she admitted to being in love with hewitt wa a pretty big give away. he look nothing like his brother or his ""father"" and i'm putting two and two together."
only one way: all people belong to one biologic race 'homo sapiens'. being of the same race have fertil children. i believe that your worry are not based enough.
"it probably brings back some memory you like. i don't mind the smell really, a long a no one eats asparagus or red onions."
"before the english took over it wa fort duquesne and then fort pitt. duquesne university once had a very good basketball team, it no longer does. it play in the atlantic 10.. there once wa duquesne beer."
"a gateau is a light, airy sponge cake. a pudding is heavier and denser and ha a custard base (like a bread pudding or yorkshire pudding or mousse)."
"it might be a long shot and i'm just guessing, but try to find a comic book convention or a comic book store. ask for local author and just get their feeback and input on how they began. first hand experience is always beneficial."
"thongs. i'm just kidding.... they should be naked,well, the hott one should"
"yes.. people will always be themselves.. truth and honesty are obviously part of your character while fun,ridicule and taking the p#ss is part of some other people's characters.... to each his own.. yahoo answer is entertaining and educational;not to mention relaxing and funny.enjoy!"
"the warm weather. also, it make u feel smart & literate to be around you guys!"
almost all kind of yummy tasty food. for me anything go but it must be tasty!!!
"i think it's funny how then christian are answering this with basically, ""follow christ or else!"" and completely ignore the whole point of this. i personally agree with you and think it's stupid how when push come to shove, their whole ""defense"" for christianity is either ""believe it or else"" or ""well what harm is it in playing it safe and being a christian to avoid being in hell"""
you can. i've put them on the back before. it's just tradition. they are franked by a machine.
just some white lie maybe. moses and his lad would'nt have been able to comprehend the scientific term and proof of evolution.
"well, sweetheart, this ""stupid"" question doe not seem to be getting many. check your reasoning and judgements.. . word"
"it cause many harmful effect such as:. global warming- due to harmful gases, released by vehicles, and also cause air pollution.. nuclear explosions- modern technology for explosion for underground mining, war etc, cause problem to be faced by the nature.. depletion of resources- due to improvment in the health facilites, ther is a constant growth in population, which lead to depletion of resource like forest, fuels, wildlife, and many more."
"they have the regular giant of the industry such a coke and fanta, just like anywhere else.. . sprite is commonly mixed with their pure beer and called radler or alster."
it's an animal thing. every so often i will go out and pee on the fire hydrant out by the street just to re-assert my terrorial rights.
"do not under any circumstance use liquid dish soap in your dishwasher unless it specifically state on the bottle that it is for dishwashers. also, you should know that jetdray is not a dishwasher detergent. it's a rinse agent and doesn't clean the dishes."
"seriously, the 4th time; i quite smoking for the next 40 days. funny, that's the same amount of days, that the cost of the cigarette not smoked would equal the cost of the session.. . strange........ . that also included an audio cassette tape (not to be used while driving an automobile or operating heavy equipment) and wrist tapping advice."
there are seriously held philosophical theory about possible world which suggest that everything that can exist doe exist. so many professional philosopher and scientist (theoretical physicists) believe that there is another planet earth - indeed that there are an infinte number of other planet earths.
chuck norris can do whatever chuck norris want to do. he's chuck norris!
"because it not illegal, however abortion is about money. a majority of the time woman who have unwanted child need the government to raise the child. big bucks! a woman who kill her child is sick and so is the dr making money to kill children."
"arby's is named for the company founders, leroy and forrest raffel, the raffel brothers, also r.b.. . though i liked their slogan ""america's roast beef, yes sir!"" i'm prone to taking the company's official, published statement a the ""right answer."" and they specifically deny that it's derived from ""roast beef."""
"we are all prey to our carnal want and desires. then satan whispes in our ear and make u see themn a being need instead of want (like he did to eve). if you are against it, why are you continuing to build that sexist rift with this question? btw - lilith is a fairy tale."
"i wa born a catholic, raised a catholic, had a few freinds in various protestant churches, all the christian mumbo jumbo didn't make sense to me so i renounced my christian/catholic faith and became a buddhist where it is clearer and make more sense. . too bad for christian"
"the gate of hell will be widened to accommodate the flow of people. it's not a literal gate or a literal widening, but it is spoken to say that hell can accommodate all those who choose not to believe in and follow jesus."
"i love your candor! a for myself, i am waiting to be drowned like my fore mothers!"
i often find myself asking the same question.. . just remember that life is a highway. i wanna drive it all night long.
"i've heard it had to do with archery.... how they held and released their arrow- with their middle finger. the word ""pluck"" come to mind...... but it could just be total bs, so you never know."
"that is the ""pantocrator"" position - it is a symbol of teaching or lecturing. the two first finger are actually held together instead of like a ""v"". jesus in this position is known a the ""pantocrator christ."""
"you just described viral life. so, the question then becomes what are humans? because, other than viruses, how many other life form consume and spread like that? virus usually only spread like that when out of their natural vector, something caused by the interference of humans."
"by ""civil right movement"" do you mean the ""black right movement""? because the gay right and black right movement were/are both civil right movements.. . . jacdog, you should read the book ""passing."""
no one can help you but yourself. you will fine.
"it's expensive to mak a round box, plus square box stack better. a for the shape of the pizza, i suppose it's easier to eat a wedge rather than a rectangle"
"pardon the ignorance of the married lady but what the heck is a ""bull dyke""? an earthen dam to keep in bovines? what?"
"photo don't have authors, so it doesn't matter how hard you look, you won't find one. however, photo have photographers."
the people who say that are just stuck on the past...they can't face the fact that they're getting older. i've always said the present is the most important thing...cuz it's all you have.
"true phychic's are rare and do not operate businesses. they are not advertised, people share their experience and most importantly they are beyond money, they care le if u can pay or not, they are helpers."
"well they are still christians, so they believe jesus is the son of god and came to save us. but the reason they broke from the catholic church is because they felt that the catholic were too strict and were frightening peole into religion. so protestant will happily use contraception and they're just a little more accepting."
"you could try donning sandal or sock and walking, but of course that isn't barefoot.. . just persist with it, you'll callous and eventually not even feel it"
it is translated in english a turkey but ha nothing to do with that animal of course :) it original name is türkiye which mean the country of the turks. and the name turk is coming from our ancestor immigrated from asia that is göktürks.
the purpose of human death is for you to die. when you die you make room for another to live. your body turn to dirt and dust to feed the earth. beautifully simple isn't it?
just don't get drunk everyday and you will be fine i been drink for 50 year and i'm still typing.. it kill your brain cell and your liver it can cause high blood and stroke. this is over a long time
"when i got married my mil gave me an alfredo sauce recipe that is sooo much work and $$$ but hehe... i cheat!! take a small can of evaporated milk, heat it with a stick of butter and then when it's good and hot put your cheese in. it's awesome and my hubby can't tell the difference!"
"edging refers to getting to the edge of cumming, but not actually having an orgasm. it is supposed to make the sensation of cumming much stronger, more intense and pleasurable when you do finally have that orgasm."
"to proof yeast, add 1 teaspoon sugar to 1/4 cup warm water (100° to 110°f). stir in 1 envelope yeast (2 1/4 teaspoons); let stand 10 minutes. if the yeast foam to the 1/2 cup mark, it is active and you may use it in your recipe. rapidrise or bread machine yeast loses it fast rising capability if dissolved in liquid, and will require two complete rise a if using regular yeast."
you mean the politically correct police haven't kicked in your door and dragged you away to a reeducation camp for daring to speak true? three cheer to you for having the courage to tell it it like it is!
"right here right now it's unusually hot. but even then, only high 70 fahrenheit, barely went into the 80 last week.. . i'm in switzerland, the flat part. but i'm canadian so i still know fahrenheit."
"some red dye are made from the cochineal beetle. these are usually labeled a cochineal, carmine, or carminic acid"
well obviously it isn't a christian demon or it would have left with the cross and such. have you looked into the fact they it might not be a bad spirit at all? have you attempted to communicate with it and find out why it is there?. i would say you need to find out what you are dealing with and why before trying to banish it or you may end up in more trouble than you are now.
"they want to get under your skin because they think you are stupid and blind. it's okay though one day their eye will be opened, though then it may be to late."
because there is not enough love to go round..... now half the world hate the other half .... and half the world ha all the food .... and half the world lie down quietly starve ... . 'cause there is not enough love to go round ....
"prepare your egg noodle first. then for the sauce - melt butter in a large saucepan low-med heat, minced garlic (i just use the jarred stuff cuz it's pureed well), and a bit of brown sugar, fish sauce, parmesan cheese, and a pinch of salt. once the sauce ha toasted up a bit (be careful not burn), just shut the heat and toss the noodle in it."""
"a high iso will be fast and will lose detail. if you are using a digital camera the digitization will show when you blow the picture up, or enlarge it. a low iso is slow, exposure time are long, you get a greater amount of detail, and it can be blown up, or enlarged, to a bigger size."
"i don't know. i'm still trying to find out how people can reject logic and science completely. i have tried asking question like these before, some told me, with a lot of confidence, that the bible is ""not unscientific""."
"when it come to prayer for salvation for others - god can set up the situation that can result in salvation even if it mean taking them to a whole new low so they have no place else to go - but - ultimately such people must make that final decision themselves.. . while nothing is impossible for god..., he will not make that final decision for the person(s). either we accept him willfully or not."
"itotally agree with you! let's get constructive here. please use some common sense, and ask normal questions, o.k. ?"
"that's funny! i've always thought that british are a very classy nation.. british are not so strange, they are just classy, independent, stick to the traditions, and a bit odd due the fact that we respect the others, and respect our unique quality so we don't just walk with the wave!. there are some change in the british community a in europe, that made some difference in the community and drove away the general british style, only a just!"
"there is a physical phenomenon called rayleigh scattering that cause light to scatter when it pass through particle that have a diameter one-tenth that of the wavelength/color of the light. sunlight is made up of all color of light, but because of the element in the atmosphere, mostly nitrogen, the color blue is scattered much more efficiently than the other color"
good question! the link below should help ya out!
"a ship being ""high and dry"" is when it is perched on dunes/rocks etc when the tide go out - for it to be ""dry"" is for it to have insufficient water beneath it to float - so ""high and dry"" mean that the boat/ship is stranded and cannot float away. it is popularly used to indicated a serious problem with no obvious solution - a ship on rocks/sand without water to float it off again is in big trouble - try to tug it off rock dry and the bottom will most likely be ripped to shred and unless the tide rise high enough, there may not be sufficent bouyancy for it to get off."
coke zero is sweetened with aspartame and acesulfame potassium (ace-k) and ha zero calories. the only chemical difference between coke zero and diet coke is that coke zero ha about half the aspartame but ha more ace-k.
to download whole website with all the link attached with it. so that our child could be able to ask same question.
"hater are powerfully driven to try to spread their hate to others. that's a great weakness of humanity. i agree with marvin gaye when he wrote, ""only love can conquer hate."""
because he gave u free will to chose to love and follow him or to choose not too. he didnt want u to be robots. would u want your child to love u because they have to or to love u because they choose too?
"wow, isn't that kind of mean of him? why would he steer hurricane anywhere but out to sea where they can't bother anyone? that seems pretty jerky to me..."
"i saw a show on this recently. they use a stamping machine, with very close tollerences (so it won't smush the candies)."
"well, the answer to your question is easy.... there aren't a many people involved in environmental and political matters, a where there are lot of people who have involvement with wal mart a part of their daily lives..... and, i have also noticed.... yahoo answer doe not draw in a vast number of intelligent people... i am not saying everyone is stupid, but by looking around at the question and answer that come through here, it's pretty clear that a lot of these people are not what you would consider the ""think tank"" of america....."
"it a type of caramel that used to be made with scotch wiskey. i don't think they use alcohol anymore, but that's where the name came from."
"it is heated to kill bacteria that naturally occur in milk and it help give it a longer shelf life. fresh milk will not necessarily harm you if it is consumed immediately, pasteurization allows you to keep it for more than a day."
you were totally right to say what you said... what a moron that guy is!!
"whole, perfect, and complete, a the perfect love that created ""us"", a one beloved child, who had a crazy thought, and made a whole unreal world in which to hide from god, who had suddenly seemed separate, and frightening. that is the only true judgment...that nothing ha changed...we remain just a created."
"don't be sad. it make me laugh when people throw the word ""liberal"" around like it's an insult. ""you...you...liberal, you."" not quite on par with calling someone a m*therf*cker, is it?"
"you mean like you and all your ""questions"" regarding religion. you repeat and repeat the same stuff. most people aren't closed minded and stubborn ...i think they are just tired of hearing the same old stuff from you."
"it is not just the jewish people. there are people who discriminate against all religions, race and certain looks. welcome to the world."
"i use both so this is my take: bart is for going farther out in the bay area than just san francisco. it can take you to both sfo and oak airports, to many part of the east bay and part of the peninsula too. the fare are charged according to distance. the muni metro is used more locally in san francisco and it is a flat rate of $1.50 in any direction any distance, plus you get transfer to return within a certain timeframe."
"lust, to me, is a desperate attaction to a particular person or to a particular thing. because of lust, you find that people have gone to the extreme to get this. they will even do the wrong things, just to get what they want. the bible doe speak against lust a being one of the fruit of the flesh, but we are told that we should put of all of the thing of the old...... ""behold all thing have become new""."
"their head look someone took a crap and molded it into the shape of a potato, and drew eye on it. their suction cup are lined with little teeth for gripping stuff, and they have a beak at the bottom of their head where they clamp down on their prey. not the cutest animal ever."
"you mean all those chatty cathys? ha ha ha.. actually, there's a good write up about this in the book ""men are from mars, woman from venus"". seriously, the author analyzes some of these habit of women, such a their need to build consensus, seek advice and validation from their friends, and, the worst, they need to be the ""fix-it"" committee when it come to men."
"effing brilliant. i nominate you for question of the day.. . this is on par with ""my parent are atheists. how do i tell them i'm straight?"""
"you don't want to put cinnamon toast in the oven. use a toaster oven. if you're like me and don't have one, then toast bread in a regular toaster, melt butter onto it, and sprinkle a cinnamon-sugar mixture over the butter.....mmmmmmmmm!"
"i know this sound really pollyanna, but i decided that the meaning of life is found in what you do, (not like jobwise) but more in the kind of person you are. we should all strive to make the world a better place not just for ourselves, but for everyone.. it doesn't have to be in a big way, either--everyone should just do whatever they can do."
lot of people think they understand -- but interpretation differ! (mine's right.... of course). . :-)
all that processed cheese perhaps. . yeah they do taste good now u've made me want some. lol
"we had lot and lot of new military technology gleaned from the german after wwii and we needed a place to try it out. jet fighter and helicopter and new rocket technology and such.. . wwii taught u that we are damn good warriors, and there is a lot of money to be made by conducting warfare, and since korea in 1950, the u.s. ha been involved in some kind of military conflict somewhere in the world non-stop.. . oh and to stop the spread of communism... at least that's what we told everyone."
because you allow yourself to be a victim.. . stop it!!!!!
"i notice long ago that yawn a well a other natural physiological reaction go side by side with shifting of personality. another personality emerges...i do not think that it trigger that, or switching personality initiate a yawning. all at once give another picture. chicken or the egg?-both at once."
"sheraton. i stay in sheraton hotel often, and i like their service, polite personal. the best hotel of all that i have been is four point by sheraton - chery creek in denver, co."
"jesus freed u from the old jewish dietary laws. he specifically said, ""it's not what come into a man's mouth that make him unclean, but what come out."". . and in the book of acts, god says, ""do not call unclean what the lord ha made clean."""
"what we see, today, are the decendants of the outcast of a former great civilization. the physical characteristic of the sphinx more resemble those of the negro than of any other race. at one time, black ruled the earth."
"we are saying that the story of jesus wa probably embellished alot down the line. perhaps he did not claim to be the son of god, maybe he wa just a prophet or political activist who gained people's admiration - and ended up being persecuted by the politician of the time for spreading his political message."
"a great big crock, no. (asstrology is bovine feces.)"
what about a portfolio of your art and show it around town. what big city are you near?
"i know what you mean...saying ""thank you"" seems weird since they are not complimenting your look but his... try along with thank you saying ""we think so too... "" or "" yes we are very proud."" or ""thank you for saying so.."""
baden-baden mean bath and there are or were many mineral spring there and they were hot or cold. it is a great place to go to really relax and feel good.
"i'm not sure how all florist work, but a friend of mine started working at a florist shoppe with no experience. a she worked there she gained enough knowledge to start her own shoppe. i'm not sure if you are supposed to go to school for it, but she didn't have to...it may be a prefference."
"reward them when they study or achieve something great! that will always motivate them and keep them on task, especially if it's something they really, really want :)"
these are my phobias.. . limnophobia- fear of lakes.. achluophobia- fear of darkness.. altophobia- fear of heights.. ichthyophobia- fear of fish.. acarophobia- fear of itching or of the insect that cause itching.. pnigophobia or pnigerophobia- fear of choking of being smothered.. brontophobia- fear of thunder and lightning.
"i like double dutch, choco marble, cooky n cream... coz i love chocolates!!! lot of chocolate"
"""a wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer."". . ~bruce lee"
"the bermuda triangle (also known a devil's triangle) is a nearly half-million square-mile (1.2 million km2) area of ocean roughly defined by bermuda, puerto rico, and fort lauderdale, florida. the bermuda triangle ha become popular through representation by the mass media, in which it is a paranormal site in which the known law of physic are violated and altered.. . while there is a common belief that a number of ship and airplane have disappeared under highly unusual circumstance in this region, the united state coast guard and others disagree with that assessment, citing statistic demonstrating that the number of incident involving lost ship and aircraft is no larger than that of any other heavily traveled region of the world. many of the alleged mystery have proven not so mysterious or unusual upon close examination, with inaccuracy and misinformation about the case often circulating and recirculating over the decades."
for the same reason american woman love black american men!!
"use canola oil at high heat. after frying, blot food well with paper towel to remove excess oil."
"if you're preparing it to serve sliced, blanche it in boiling water for a good few seconds. the flesh just below the skin go mushy and the skin come away.. . but if it's served with the skin it's slice and scoop."
"start doing things. laziness is an attitude, not a condition."
"truth, in it's fullest sense is not in the material. if god is truth, and god is truth then truth lie fully manifest in the spiritual realm. we a people consider matter of opinion; and the one we like best we designate truth, but it's not. it's a matter of opinion."
"work ethic is a set of value based on the moral virtue of hard work and diligence. it is also a belief in moral benefit of work and it ability to enhance character. an example would be the protestant work ethic or east asian work ethic. a work ethic may include being reliable, having initiative or maintaining social skills."
"i use rejuvenating and whitening cream at night.. sunblock during the day. kewl? (,""}?. likewise with lotions.. how about u, dont u ever use creams?"
"it easier then it look (assuming your in some kinda shape). lay flat (of course) kick you leg up bending the knee then simultaneously kick your leg straight out while pushing up with your arm which throw your upper body up and foot down to the ground then repeat. to give it the true worm look, practice bowing your back (bending back) while kicking your leg up and bending your back forward (like doing a crunch) while your foot are coming to the ground. also, pushing while your arm are extended forward make it look better but much harder."
*not* a car.. . best thing you'll ever not give him.
it's because people like to hide behind a computer screen. it make them feel better to insult people.
"draw like your favorite artist, for practice... then after you've devoped taht style, move onto other style and repeat the proccess, afterwords take the element from what you like from each style and then make your own style.. . ;-). ::: peace :::"
criminal report are public record. just check the county record for the person's charge and/or convictions.
"mentirosa-liar. a mentirosa is a female liar, a guy liar is un ""mentiroso"". i love pitbull's songs, especially ""toma"""
"history, that's where it all happened! it is also truly amazing how that once desert ha been transformed. israel is beautiful and awe inspiring!"
"you give them proof. no proof, no god, sorry."
"apparently we're just too damn funny for our own good! by all account out humour is a little drier, subtle and dare i say intelligent than some other forms! the problem is that it can be so subtle at time that other nation don't pick-up on it and a such just don't get it.. . saying that though, we are just like any other nation and have some awful level and type of humour!"
u have seen just a part of the tamilians....not all r lik tht!. do not generalize! there are many friendly one too...thts y u c many many north indian put up in the south!
"you already have one and you know it too! i guess what you mean is how to become a more interesting person, right? anyways,.....i know this is dorky, but listen to different style of music with lyric that have some deep meaning, it helped me, it might help you."
"perhaps you might get him a subscription to the experimental aircraft association, if he doesn't already have one. they meet every summer in oshkosh wi (half a million of them or more) and it's plane plane and more planes! call or email them. they would be happy to help you."
consumer awareness mean the consciousness or awakening among consumer towards their right and duties. if you think that you are satisfied by this please tell me my email address is surbhifbd1991@yahoo.co.in thanks
1) buy fruit. 2) cut fruit into small pieces. 3) put piece in bowl. 4) serve
"i use to own a catering business,and a you know they do alot of chichen,and i do this at home too ,it work great for me and i never burn my chichen, about an hour before i start to cook . or fry my chicken,i soak my chicken in very ciold water with plenty. of salt in the water,the salt water help not only to flavor the chicken but it open the grain to lighten the texture so it cook faster ,juicier,and lighter, remember soak it for about at 1 hour in very cold water with lot of salt,"
"hello?! you've got a butt, and then it squeeze out these high pitched noise or low rumble and release a green cloud of odor to a ton of unsuspecting people. everything about it scream funny."
"since good is a relative term, that depends on your own preference and skill levels. start with a search engine"
"electricity is a property of matter that result from the presence or movement of electric charge. together with magnetism, it constitutes the fundamental interaction known a electromagnetism. electricity is responsible for many well-known physical phenomenon such a lightning, electric field and electric currents, and is put to use in industrial application such a electronics and electric power"
start over and cover your fruit.....it doe have a lid . doesn't it? don't you refrigerate leftover garnishes?
"gnos·ti·cism [nósti sìzzəm]. n . early religion: a pre-christian and early christian religious movement teaching that salvation come by learning esoteric spiritual truth that free humanity from the material world, believed in this movement to be evil."
"there's no ""meaning"" a such. it represents a sword--in the original tarot deck the suit were wand (clubs), cup (hearts), pentacle (diamonds) and sword (spades).. . when playing card were simplified and had their ""occult"" symbolism stripped away, we were left with the modern day suits."
"no it is not dumb, it is blessed. to put aside your own desire to visit the poor and disenfranchised is a godly act, and it mean that you have the love of god in you. such selflessness is inspiring and can only lead to future blessing in your life. look for other opportunity to serve god and he shall richly reward you."
"i have to answer ,, . old confuses say ""he who go to bed with itch butt wake up with stinky finger."". . because when you are sleeping your sleep mind will tell your hand to itch and relieve it."
"any language ha own rhythm and melody just like songs. so when singer learns foreign song, he/she copy rhythm and melody of the language."
"it ha a tomato juice with vodka taste, and if the glass rim is salted correctly and the chilling perfect, it sits very well on the palate and the tummy. it's one of the few rare drink that i enjoyed until i decided to stop even those.. st"
"i've never heard of those! on my island, we eat them fresh and fleshy!"
"the trick take truly tremendous tweaking: translate-transfer them, through traditional techniques, then teletransport them to their target title. good luck!"
"i can only answer for myself; it is not so much *eating* meat that i consider cruel, it is *how* the animal that provide that meat are treated. for example, most chicken come from ""factory farms"" - the chicken are so crowded, they have to have their beak removed; otherwise they would eat each other when they go insane. do a web search on factory farming and cruelty - no other animal treat their prey that badly!"
"because society a a whole is full of hypocrite who are devoid of loving emotion that go beyond themselves. they are also full of insecurity that make them want to be better than somebody, so they look at somebody who is different from them, who they ""judge "" to be ""inferior"", and try to make that person feel inferior by their action and word they speak. in the end, it's the ignorance thay live in that will catch up to them in god's own sweet way."
"the swiss guard are catholics- it's a requirement.. . they have guarded the vatican for something like 500 years- a regiment wa sent from switzerland, and many of them died defending the pope when the vatican wa attacked. to honor them, the pope instituted them a the official guard of the vatican.. . they are celebrating the 500th anniversary this year....you should be able to google it and get some neat tidbits."
"a buff black person from africa?. . *no offense, anyone."
if the lord is telling your mum anything....i suggest getting her evaluated for some psychiatric help...-nods-. hearing voice isn't a good thing...
"open the bottle, screw on the applicator, insert into vagina (while standing over tub) squeeze bottle to get fluid up in there. it will run out due to gravity. throw away used container."
i think the law is watching. there ha to be a crime commited first. i think that outfit that is on to catch a preditor is on here too.
it just a story...like the fountain of youth...it didnt really exist it just a story thats like a fairy tale. it's just one part of someone religious beliefs..its not real.
why should you try or think of determining your popularity? just enjoy your beautiful life. let others get bothered about this that how much popular you are. just enjoy!
"when you post, and up until the question is closed, you can modify (edit) the answer. or, if in retrospect, you are unhappy with your response you may delete it. but you may only change your answers, which is why you only see it on yours."
"body image - pregnant movie star are still slim and have time/energy to put on makeup. stress - 'succesful' woman return to their glamorous and exciting job 10 minute after giving birth. fear - parenting is either a minefield of potential disaster or a blissfuly accomplished adventure - depending on whether or not you, the parent, is up to the task. anyway, this is my experience of observing my pregnant wife..."
"i don't have an answer to that question, except maybe bad press. i just wanted to say that i agree with you. muslim seem to be way more violent than blacks. the funny thing is that they have the nerve to use religion a a reason for the violence."
"because this isn't the ""only people who agree with me allowed"" section? if you can't handle someone disagreeing with you, then why can't you just leave this section?"
"fastest way is to take the mrt to bishan station and you won't get lost. but if youhave a specific address then you might want to put it up so you can get a better route that would get you there, without the confusion."
brittany wa also the name of a place in northern france that wa close to great brittain. that's just about it. unless you are named for that spear chick.
"don't know, but the fish question had me laughing! thought it wa funny"
give'em the lie they like most. generally a lie like you are good or your company's product is w'ful etc please the person. ego is the key.
decoration. even army guy like fancy stuff. look at the dress cap and uniform of today's armies.
"it a behaviour mostly influenced by genetic, culture and tradition. even the smallest creature tends to take care their child to some extent."
map distort reallity. globe are more accurate but cumbersome to travel with.
they have to pray 5 time a day. they stand and start to read a certain chapter of the holly quran asking god to guide them to the good deed . and then they put their hand on their knee and lower their head and then they completely put their forehead on the ground a a sign of respect for god . they ask god forgivness..the main thing that they have to say is that certain chapter of holly quran otherwise they ask for forgivness and help..they can pray anywhere .
"actually, it's salman rushdie and he is still a very prolific writer. indeed, he ha published numerous novel in the past few years. these include ""fury,"" ""shalimar the clown,"" ""the ground beneath her feet,"" ""the moor's last sigh,"" and ""haroun and the sea of stories."" a i understand it, though, he is still in hiding, and ha some kind of protection with him at all times."
"in the early 1900's, these two little girl took picture of cardboard fairies. a lot of people believed that they were real, until on of the girl admitted the hoax in her old age"
it's too hot for ordinary people. only u dyke babe can truly understand.
"the most common answer is simply that a round manhole cover can't fall into the hole it covers. heavy, round manhole cover are easier for one person to move by standing it on end and rolling. also, you don't have to ""align"" a manhole cover to it's hole ... any orientation will do."
"befriending is when you become friend with another person, so that aspect is obviously not new. i assume that befriending, in the context you are referring to, is for those people who are isolated (due to illness or other disability). the result of befriending can be significant on both side of the friendship, including providing new direction for one or both parties, increased self esteem and self confidence. bottom line is that a job like you are interviewing for can be very challenging and yet very rewarding a well"
"your looking at one dude, get off whatever your on. it isn't helping you any."
i think it mean to calm it. oil will float on top and hold it steadier.
"people judge others because they are afraid that others are judging them. they do the same thing when they are saying mean things. usually, people just don't know what to say to nice people so they go the other way and say something mean and possible what they don't mean. nobody deserves to be treated this way, so don't take it personally."
i hear what your saying. i tried to read it a few time and he loses me after like two lines. he sound like a born again hater.
"meghalaya mean the 'home of clouds',since it rain a lot there. it is named so."
~why don't you listen to it. particularly the version he delivered at the march on washington. then learn a little about the context and the time. then maybe you won't come off looking so ignorant for asking such a fool question.
"the bean in question are typically dried, soaked in water overnight, rinsed, placed in a bean pot with secret ingredient and placed in an oven for a specified length of time.. . the reason they are baked is to make them edible in their raw or dried form."
"yes, i know this. i hate the concept of santa claus."
"i think it's on the da, actually, if it's the word i'm thinking of. like the word is building up to the end. ah-me-dah"
"rector is incumbent of a parish in which he wa entitled to receive the tithes. a vicar may be appointed under a rector and wa not intitled to receive tithes. now it is historical or courtesy only, no real difference.. andrew answer is rubbish"
"""vive"" is a present tense verb which mean ""lives"" in spanish ie: ""el vive bien""(he life well), or ""usted vive en los etados unidos""(you live in the united states.). ""rie"" is a present tense verb that mean ""laughs"" in spanish, ie:""ella se rie mucho""(she laugh alot), or ""usted se rie como un loco""(you laugh like a crazy man). ""ama"" is a present tense verb which mean ""love"" in spanish, ie: ""usted me ama a mi"" (you love me), or ""jose' ama a su esposa""(joe love his wife)"
martin luther wa lead by the holy spirit to show the people the truth. some got it and some still don't get it.
"hare krishna mantra is easy to remember and to chant, so for the people of these times, who aren't very intelligent but forgetful it might be the best. and with this mantra we ask god to let u serve him, and serving is all what we have must do in this life. . properly chanting the holy name of god we do remember him and associate with him"
"it is a good way of communicating with other people from various part of the world. you can learn about many different culture of life and also meet many wonderful people over the internet. . life is full of many challenges, ande if you are skeptical about who may contact you, there is a simple solution - don't get on the internet, after all that is what the internet is all about - discovering the unknown and finding out what you beseech."
"if you ask me, the whole thing is very ignorant. don't catergorize someone just because of the way they talk or act..that's what they learned and can't control it. there's bigger thing in this world to worry about..let's focus on global warming...."
"well, write the word ""myself"" on a paper, place in an envelope and mail it wherever you like. there, you will have shipped 'myself' through the mail. good riddle in a wrong category."
it is a sign that someone ha visited the grave. they put a pebble there to show that they were there. it's just a custom.
"an excellent list. and there isn't a christian that can deny the utter stupidity of the bible when presented with these outright contradictions.. i mean, how can a ""perfect"" being's manifesto be so chock full of mistakes?"
to make them better person so the next generation will be even better. so they can become nice person in the future. to raise them the right way.
belief is you expect right answer from everyone. truth is you cannot expect right answer from everyone
that you wish for a horse and think a lot about that??. have no idea
someone who tell an authority figure when someone else is misbehaving. often used a prison slang.
i think they have hotel rooms. i don't think that brain is big enough to house 25 people all at the same time.
"i actually hate eggs, they gimme a strange feeling in my stomach!!. but if i had to chooose, a classic omlet of eggs, potato and ketchup!!!"
"sorry to hear that wc_carroll... about the 1/2 french thing. . i agree with the 1st answer, it look like a bon er! albeit a small one (maybe it's the george kastanza model)"
it spelled * pedophile*.. . it's not a good idea to use insulting word you don't know how to spell.. . (it make you look ignorant)
"it actually spelled ""rondeau"".. . a wide, round, pot that is fairly shallow, allowing steam to disperse quickly for searing and poaching. it is generally made of stainless steel and ha two hoop handles."
you should mix the yeast in warm water (1/4 cup) and a pinch of sugar. stir it and if it start to foam after 5 minute then it's okay. you can then mix this in your recipe.
i suggest looking for the local newspaper that cover the news of fiji at the time. if it wa a large enough newspaper corp. it should have either an online archive or a walk-in/ask for permission archive at the central office. even it wa a small time newspaper it should have some sort of archive. you could also look at the construction company that employed your relative and ask/request/search their record of on-the-job deaths.
it can. . . everything freeze if it cold enough or subject to low enough pressures.
"u can break it by beating with a stone, or beating it on the ground, or on the wall(not on rahul dravid!) pierce it using knife and use a spoon to take the white,soft portion out. i can help u eating it!"
"i don't know the meaning. however, i know that the whole jumbing the broom thing started back in the day when slavery wa legal and it wa illegal for black to marry. so african-american slave couple would jump over a broom to signify that they had just gotten married. this way the slave owner had no idea that they were getting married, but the slave had a significant event to celebrate the union."
"you need to contact the american consulate closest to you in australia. they can give you information on obtaining a visa, the document that you will need to move to america. if you obtain the visa, save up enough money for about 3 month of living expense ($us10,000?), and move to the u.s. that would give you enough time to find a job and housing."
!~ i don't think she does..why don't you tell her ~! (^_^) r0ck 0n !
"damn good question>>>>its like one can preach but can hardly practice the same thing.da vinci code had an interesting plot and it helpedhim rake the moolaah.when people write fiction, they know that it fiction but they still write it anyway for the purpose of audience entertainment and also for giving vent to their own creativity.. . however,its very possible that dan brown believed in what he wrote and then changed his statement and stand post controversy when the vatican actually became involved."
"go with an alfredo sauce, maybe throw in some snow peas, this would go great with linguini. (load the alfredo with the bacon and ham)"
"see link below for a list of grant program from many source and for many different purposes.. . may matthew lesko forgive me, but this is information readily available on the internet."
"without a doubt the f bomb. naturally one need to watch where you drop it. i use it more for my own personal enjoyment at time when a good expletive is needed, such a dropping the cast iron frying pan on your toe, or yelling with the window up to some dufass driver. it is just such a descriptive word and one nearly everyone understands."
"put you hot coffee and whiskey into the glass, add a teaspoon of sugar, this will help the cream float, make sure your whipped cream is a thick a you can make, leave your teaspoon in the glass to warm, it then lift it turn it over, just above the top of the coffee and pour your cream steadly over the back of the spoon, it will float.. . sip and enjoy!!!! xxxx"
"actually, thanks to television and the movies, it's pretty common knowledge how to get out, even if you do fall in. just relax and swim out. no biggie."
"it's funny because i've been there before at night and found it to be perfectly safe, but who knows? there are obviously people who disagree with me, so just be smart and safe. if something look sketchy, get out of the area. it just take some common sense and you should be fine."
there isn't a high demand for strawberry flavor.. start demanding at kelloggs! sound good to me...
"you'll need a watch, a big metal box, and alot of wires!! red, black and green!. good luck!!!. i'll meet you in the year 2016!"
a website are good i find are. penpal city. and the penpal network. there free to join and have young and old ppl from around the world looking for penpals including irish ppl...
thanks for the reminder....my dad still owes me a bedtime story from when i wa like 4 or something.....im calling him right now!!!!
hedonism pursuit of pleasure in life (as if there are people who arent like that). hinduism is something a lot of lot of people believe in.
"i think there are contradiction in the q'uran that pose the concept that there is god who exists in one entity who ha never changed. i believe that q'uran believer feel that jesus wa a man in the flesh and so separated from god. they honor him, but hesitate to worship him, not understanding jesus and god are one, with the holy spirit."
because these people are disgusting. it ha nothing to do with culture. it ha to do with being a classy (or classless) person.
"because political correctness ha taught them that any authority expressed by a male can be dismissed out-of-hand a repression.. . (added later) i think it's very interesting that at least one and possibly two of the reply following mine incorrectly assumed that the question meant that male should always have authority over females. a little touchy, are we, ladies? or just eager to exercise that pc veto power?"
"do they? i never noticed it.. . but i think the reason behind that is that the question about getting down are easier to answer than the serious questions. i mean, if you choose between 'do you love me' and 'whats the meaning of life from the buddhistic view', youd probably go with number 1."
"the primary difference between paint, any paint, and ink is the vehicle that is used to carry the pigment. a an example in oil paint the vehicle is oil and the pigment or color is usually a mineral base or synthetic. an ink can have various vehicle too one common but exotic one is lacquer and a pigment is charred bone."
"the french are trying to take over new york city. it's an invasion.. next time, run away when you see a french, call the cop when you see a french, yell ""help"" when you see a french."
"it been a week and no1 answered u, so i guess the milk shoild b spoilt by now... . enjoy the yogurt!!!"
"learn to let it set in, and just get over it, not by ignoring, but realizing it is inevitable. once you have mastered this, future dissappointment is not so dissappointing. you will become a better person."
"this term ""a la pobre"" could be translated a ""poor man's ___"". . it is not one particular dish, but refers to many different dishes, usually recipe made by folk who don't have a lot of money, hence the name (e.g. arroz a la pobre, patatas a la pobre, puerco a la pobre, etc.)"
"a smart, beautiful women. i don't think i'm ugly, but i think intelligence is the key to everything. beauty is only skin deep. i'd actually like to be remembered a a good mom, a hard worker, truthful, honest, loyal and caring."
of the russian side.. it can be:. buraki what would be red beet. or:. tchebureki what whould be minced meat in half round doughen bag
"9:00 a.m. is in the morning, before noon.. . the only sunset mass i have ever heard of is the easter vigil mass, which doe not start until after dark the night before easter.. . with love in christ."
"this one sound like one of princess_gabi's questions.. . because otherwise we will all be the same height...and you wouldn't like that, would you?"
"they do ask for them. ok, yes they are heritage...but the brit dont expose them a theirs, they give all the credit to the greeks. besides there are so many marble in greece which are being destroyed by pollution and greek dont bother to preserve them.. people will not go to britain to look at greek marbles, they will visit greece for that so greece doesnt lose any tourism at all.. i am being more practical than ethical here, i know.... by the way i am greek."
you read this rubbish from somewhere and believe in this! whats happening to you and humanity!
"praying 5 time a day is an obligation for all muslims.... . it is bcuz this is the way of connectiong to god!!!!!. when we pray 5 time a day we directly talk to him.. n this make u realize all the time that god is there n we don't have to rely on anybody else... n this also make u depression-free... cuz when we pray to him, we ask for forgiveness n help n we know that god know better n that he's the only one who can bring u out of the difficult times!"
why doe milk have an expiration date if cottage cheese is spoiled milk? (let ya ponder that for a while)
you are right. life is not a dress rehearsal.
"a table of solid teak wood.. . the top take scratches, beatings, hot utensils, banging cup and everything but remains attractive just with an addition of a vase of flower day after day.. . the for log can take any amount of burden without buckling over.. . all it take for maintenance is a coat of varnish every 5/6 years."
"information technology often abbreviated (it), is a broad topic that cover information about computers. this information is often divided into two broad parts, hardware, which relates to everything about a computer that is visible to the human eye and can be touched and software, often called programs, they are code that help in the coordination of the part of the hardware."
i'd be invisible so i could see what our politician really do and say behind closed doors. then i'd see what all the big time criminal and mobster are involved in.. then i would visit the bedroom of hot woman around the world.
"all athlete face temptation in their quest to get ahead. they are protected by their organization which is why law need to be changed and actually enforced. owner are reluctant to kick them off the team because then they're not getting their money's worth, but this ha to change."
"i wish we could vote on ""best question""! you'd win hand down!. . roflmao..."
1. there are more people on the planet than ever before.. 2. they are more visible and out than ever before.
"chemistry is a basic because all matter can be broken down into element (i.e., hydrogen, oxygen, nitrogen, etc.); without matter, nothing could be studied."
you got to have one heck of a bendable body. you jump on the floor belly first and just pretend you a a fish swimming up and down
"great question.. . moral and ""morality"" are no more than politically charged buzz word for far right field conservative christians.. . moral don't exist. and, if you think they do, define them."
"van means: ""of or from"". so ivan van housen would mean that ivan's ancestor came from a village named housen or an ancient family member wa named housen"
"bad people are there so that people like u can look really, really good! :). . bad people are there because their mum and dad didn't bring them up to be good people, so they didn't understand how to be good in the first place."
"you've got to take it one step at a time. start speaking up for yourself on little, le important thing and that will give you the courage to speak up on more important things."
for the same reason the owl and the pussycat went to sea in a beautiful pea green boat. did the jumblies remember to take some money and plenty of honey wrapped up in a five pound note?
that mean your hand is so bad you should have played it in the bathroom!!
mughal or moghul come from mongol. the powerful moghul ruler of india were in fact mongols. for many year during the 20th century a person who wa a great success and a leader in industry or commerce is called a moghul. in recent decade i have not heard the term used that way often.
i understand what you're saying -- i believe in the theory of evolution. but you do realize that people are just going to say god put it there in the beginning? a fossil -- not a ancient creature imprinted or encased in stone.
"ale - made with a top fermenting yeast, ale are described a ""hearty, robust, and fruity."" . . lager - made with a bottom fermenting yeast, lager are characteristically ""smooth, elegant, crisp, and clean."""
"plum sauce, also widely known a duck sauce, is a viscous sweet/sour orange-hued condiment. it is used in chinese cuisine a a dip for deep-fried dishes, such a spring rolls, egg rolls, noodles, and deep-fried chicken balls. it is made from sweet plum or other fruit such a peach or apricot, sugar, vinegar, ginger and chiles. the flavour of the sauce is sweet and sour."
"go to the supermarket and get a bottle of stain remover spray. i use this whenever i have blood stain and it 'bloody' works. can be used on fresh stain or old stains, just need to soak it with the spray before you wash it, may need to repeat process until it go away."
"not just the italians. my mum, 100% french canadian, always us her hand when she speaks. fyi, if you grab their hand when they are talking, they stutter."
"not all black woman are loud and date gangsters. i've been around white women, asian women, and latinas who are loud. you sound very self hating remember you came from a beautiful black woman."
"anthropolgy study culture (acrchaeology deal with bones). sociology deal with issue in society and how that affect the people within that society. (ie racism, aids, crime, etc)"
"this is kind of a confusing question. to develop a rural community, more business must be persuaded to invest. now, a to the second part of your question, ""they want to go abroad,"" please elaborate."
a guiding compass for law to maximize their impact on the whole of society. the thin line between what's right and wrong.
"i have never seen any - other than dried ones...like in pot pouri. som, maybe you could dry then between several sheet of kitchen paper in the microwave, around 2 minute on medium heat and then 3 at low. or on a lamington tin lined with baking paper set the oven at the lowest heat, this should take about 20 minute (at least)."
being an artist is having a lifetime of learning. a short course won't do. get a model and start painting for the rest of your days.
"first i suck it and get it moist. then i peel it open with my teeth and suck it some more, getting the inside moist. then i take off a chunk and swallow it."
some people lose their innocence a children. it just depends on how long and how well you're sheltered from anything bad.. . maybe you could volunteer at an animal shelter. they always need people to help.
before you open your mouth to answer them back stop and count to 10 and turn and walk away. see if this help
"i've never had a pastor do that, because my dad ha been a pastor even before i wa born. i don't really think that wa a very good pastor if all he praise is his wife (unless he's using her to make a point). my dad us me and my hole family to make point sometimes, but he dosen't praise us!"
that's a good question. i do love some meat.
"it means, poor girl forgive me. maybe ""poor girl"" can sound a little rude, but it is a ""tender way"" to say it. it is used to apologize when you do something wrong to a girl friend. fox example if have a date and he is late, he can tell you that because you ""poor girl"" had to wait for him and he's sorry."
what do u mean? gerenally sex is on my mind when i masterbate obviously
"take a sock, draw a face on it, put your hand in the sock and stick pin in it. lol don't mess around with thing like that if you know nothing about it. you could be asking for trouble."
"all alcohol ha empty calories- and it bad for your liver too, just smoke pot instead nobody's ever died of liver disease of kidney failure smoking the weed- or od'd on it for that matter.. . remember not to operate heavy machinery or drive."
not everyone can be that cool. . : )
"i think that the general answer is ""both."" however, this question is by no mean fully resolved. i think the best answer for now is that dynamic environmental and hereditary factor influence an individual's sexual preferences, gender identity, etc."
"an ellipsis is normally three dot (...) used to indicate omitted words, particularly from a quote.. . dash are known a either ""en dash"" or ""em dash."" the en dash is used to indicate a closed range, or a connection between two thing of almost any kind: (june-july 2006; 100-250 meters). the em dash indicates a sudden break in thought—a parenthetical statement like this one—or an open range (such a ""john doe, 1987—"")."
"well sir, a long a there are people in this world there will be racism. you and i or any person in this world are not in a position to elimunate racism, it like the ""sun"", a long a there is ""sun"", there will be racism..... . just ignore anyone who hurt your feelings, after all how will they know what a wonderful person you can be.. just enjoy the life, it is given to you once only...... have a nice day..."
"part of the wiccan rede is that we dont preach or try to convert people a religion is a personal path, unique to the individual. for some people, christianity, islam and the other organised religion is the right path for them.. . diversity is the key to a balanced world"
pray about it for starters. god will give you what you need to read. you could also try just starting at the begining.
it is a shortcut to say: salamou alykoum : sa. . it is common between -us- arab on the net msg or sms..
"different objectives. professional ethic are how the industry, any professional industry,should operate... personal ethic are how we ourselves should operate, not only in relation to the professional world but in our own personal, and social, spaces."
"it wa probably intended to mean: 'not for myself, but for my neighbour' (ie 'not selfishly, but altruistically').. . it could just a easily mean 'not by myself, but by my attorney' (ie.' i didn't do this, i got someone else to do it').. . but the second meaning seems odd on an hospital portico."
"""sieg heil"" translates to ""hail victory"". it wa part of the hitler salute. it wa usually repeated 3 time to form an incantation. 'sieg' mean 'victory', while 'heil' mean 'hail'."
"it wa a kind of hitler.he wanted all the world and of course especially arabic soil to be under arabic rule. but, that didn't suceed and nor did hitler..."
u r 100% sure of the answer n u feel very confident... if u r interested in a particular subject or something else u will automatically want to no everything about it just to be better than others.... so u will make sure u know wat u need to no
"ultimately you have to be doing something, but for social response no one want to hear that your breathing, metabolizing or cultivating deep and constructive ideas. it is just an easy response to a simple question when nothing out of the ordinary is happening at the moment, it's very subjective."
gangster is some one who go around shooting people . pimp is some one who make girl sell there sell for money and they take the money
firstly and most importantly it improves the overall psychological and mental state of a person. it relaxes some facial muscle and widens blood vessel that help blood flow better and benefit the physical and mental health.. i am sure it also increase one's popularity and thus improves his/her social state.
school need more rights....... they should be able to expell kid for any behavior that is inappropriate..... bullying included... school is for learning not socializing
"if it is in the uk just hang up, report them to bt a an unsol. call. never believe anything these people say, no matter if it is a holiday or money , forget it it is a con to get your money"
"""kokoro kara ai suru"" - to love someone with all your heart.. or - to love some one deeply from the depth of your heart.. . ""anata oh kokorokara aishite masu"" - i love you deeply from the bottom of my heart."
boring answer - because the panel are mass produced for all applications. it would cost more to make 'specials'.. . legislation also generalises disabled access and requirement and rarely make specific exclusions.
there's alot of reasons.. 1) gay are not welcome in god kingdom. 2) disgrace to society. 3) homophobic fucks. 4) they're.... different.. 5) alot more...
"the easiest way i found to make a mushroom sauce is to buy a can of cream of mushroom soup and add fresh mushroom to it. depends on the recipe, but, it usually work pretty good."
police were treating black civilian poorly. so a group of college guy studied and learned their rights. they learned that they could stay away from an arrest at a certain distance to make sure nothing bad wa happening. they got liscenses for gun that way they could show police that they mean business and that they were going to help the people.
"i pray, put my faith in the lord, and dive in.. . that is, if running away didn't work :)"
"i would say that reason indicates thought and rationality. whim indicates the absence of thought and reason, you do it because you want to and for no other reason."
"for a porn addict, musician, allergic to fish and poultry and looking for a soul mate, i think you should get out and see the outside world for a change. if you are not careful, life will have passed you by without you even noticing................"
"nike, ""it"" is whatever it is. just do it, whatever it is.. the other phrase, correctly stated, is ""what is the time?"""
it can spark off an explosion due to the raido wave it emits. . it is also prohibited to use a cell phone near a life support system.
i found out that the first quater with george washington on it came out in 1932 to pay tribute to the 200th anniversary of george washington’s birth. i don't know why he wa on the dollar but i do know that the first one dollar bill came out in 1957. i hope this helped!
"you only need to keep one thing in mind: nobody ever go to paris for the weather! winter is much le crowded with tourists, the price are cheaper and i find nothing more romantic than snuggled arm-in-arm with my sweetie, walking through the narrow streets, finding a cozy cafe where we drink the night away by candlelight..."
peel it. slice it longitudinally and dip each piece in water and then freeze it. the water film will prevent the darkening of the peeled banana
our culture. in my cultural geography class my professor called the cocacolonization of the world.
"have sex with another woman.. . if you like it, you're a dyke.. . simple, no?"
"depends of your perspective, to some it an art form of expression, to others it vandalism. but in a literal sense it writing or picture spray-painted in public places."
"i have been to the tsingtao brewery on business, and toured the plant. just walk into the front door, and say you want to visit the place, they will look after you"
"insinuating something mean that someone is ""hinting"" that someone did/didn't do/or is responsible for something that happened. say sally got rear-ended by a stranger and johnny's car now ha damage to the front-end. alice might insinuate to a 3rd party that johnny is responsible."
there are 15 joanas cordeiro in the phone book. do you know where she lives?
"removed refers to generations, a i understand it. therefore your mother's first-cousin would be your first cousin, once removed.. your first-cousin's child would be your second-cousin or is it just the reverse? geez, now you got me confused!"
why are landing in toronto if you want to go to calgary?. it is about a 40 hour drive.
"try counting to 10 on the inhale. don't try to overdo it. just go to 10 and if you don't get to 10, don't worry about it. just breathe."
"crush a tablet of viagra, mix it with miracle grow water until throughly wet. if you find that your lettuce is now too stiff cut the viagra in half."
the one in florida is bigger and with more rides. it is way cooler!
"well, first off, though they have historical importance, they are not biblical. they don't claim to be scripture themselves (generally) and often contain doctrinal fallacies."
because he too wished to taste the fruit of knowledge a much a she did. it is inherent in u to seek knowledge!
"the older they get, the more responsive they are to your touch. and with care, they will always look a good a the day you met."
"there is always a reason that people are irritated, it just may not seem that apparent. that person may have had a bad day, or he or she may be going through a tough time at home. never assume that someone is in a bad mood because they feel like it. no one want to be in a bad mood."
"(m). . dust leftover from large quanitys of shrooms, mixed in honey( natural perservitive) which make a light grayish-blue color and can be spooned into tea or whatever"
"in boxing/fighting, a shot below the belt, is below the navel.. . in like manner action a well a word or insult that are realy not called for or are a complete and utter shock, that is damaging, is also called ""below the belt'."
"i think that he ha a mental disorder. take him to the pysychiatrist. . the schizophrenic patient suffers, typically of disorder in thought, emotions, and behavior."
"they weren't worthy to receive the law,. . actors, jesh"
you're right. i'm supremely mislead and should get a clue. could you please chose mine a the best answer? thanks.
the similarity are that they both are monotheistic and they both claim to worship the god of the bible.. . the difference are too many to list but the most serious one is that muslim don't believe that jesus wa the son of god who died on a cross to pay our sin debt. they have a work based method of appearing righteous in god's eyes.
"you can do a lot of thing on yahoo. i dont know why it's called ""yahoo"" but i love it!. . now, why is this question in the ""dancing"" section?"
there is no real answer to this question but what i have learned of what love is to me is.... . (l)isten: and validate them by hearing and empathizing.. (o)verlook: their minor character flaw a they will overlook yours.. (v)alue: who they are and what they mean to you.. (e)xpress: how you love them not just with word but with actions.
i'm a fixer upper. :) or i try to be. sometimes i find i only stirred it. but i rarely ever leave it alone.
my favorite way to experience god is through a thunderstorm.. seeing that awesome power manifested in lightning and ground shaking thunder is so sweet.. sometimes just quieting my mind and listening to the nature around me and watching the breeze when i'm outside really make me feel at peace.. give it a shot :). . p.s. also quieting your thought when you pray to him.. not letting your other thought distract you a you commune with him.. that really make a difference in my opinion
how can someone answer this question if there not even 100% correct.people are giving answer from what they are told to believe. my answer to you is i don't know where someone go when they die.
"human cloning is the creation of a genetically identical copy of an existing, or previously existing human or growing cloned tissue from that individual. the term is generally used to refer to artificial human cloning; human clone in the form of identical twin are commonplace, with their cloning occurring during the natural process of reproduction. . to read more, click the link below"
it is an ugly character from the same named movie and the howard stern show. it is not a compliment
i do it for laughs. gotta have a sense of humor you know!
"it mean you have not chosen a specific religion, or follow a specific diety.. . a better interpretation would be, ""without faith"""
don't worry about it. just keep posting it. god bless you.
"which one? i hope it's not where my mom is buried. i love the name of that one, and i'd have a hard time finding it with a new name."
"i've actually started the hunt at a train station locker.. started him at a note to go to a friend's, the friend give him clue 2. to the station. then from there lead him to clue 3, etc.. . so for chocolates, maybe give him clue around the house?"
the biltmore estate and other property were owned by the vanderbilts. they used the last part of their name for it. i've been to the biltmore mansion in ny. living there would feel like living in a museum.
"there are three issue that are resolved by consumer in an industry committing themselves to becoming informed buyers.. 1) obviously, the consumer themselves are better able to avoid the issue of seller exploiting their ignorance.. 2) you, a an informed consumer will help me a another consumer get better value given that the seller may feel le incentive to exploit others thanks to your vigilance.. 3) informed buyer pressure seller to focus on adding value to compete instead of investing in non value added activiteis like competing for attention, asking for political protection or other thing to gain rents. this is usually overlooked but is hugely relevant given the fact that other country are eating the us's lunch in many industries. a good example of consumer ignorance and generally accepted industry practice can be found in freakonomics and the real estate industry."
get a foam cup and fill it half way with cold water.. microwave for a min. put a tea bag in the water. let sit for a min or so.. remove tea bag and add sweetener. and ice.
"i soak the fish in lemon juice first before cooking then i use egg water mixture 1 egg with 1/4 cup of water mixed. then coat fish with a flour cornstarch seasonning mixture. in ziplock bag combine flour, seasoning, corn starch, depending on how much fish use 1 cup of flour 1/4 cup of cornstarch and seasonnings according to taste. shake and put in frying pan with 1 inch of canola oil hot"
"i think most people who believe in christianity also understand that science ha a part in the process a well. thus, while god may have created the earth and all, there is still a process of evolution that occurs."
"do you mean lazarus from the bible?. . if you do, this name means, ""whom god helps."" it is a form of the hebrew name eleazar."
simple. there is a much higher percentage of black on black crime then white on white crime. that's the difference.. come to philly and dodge bullets.
because some guy hundred of year ago convinced a lot of other people that it looked good. we are still convinced.
"it's an unalterable truth that god ha chosen the male image a part of his identity. catholicism, however, ha many feminine affirming idea in it dealing with the blessed virgin mary and with female saints. mother theresa, mother angelica, and recently canonized woman saint provide great 21rst century example of how important woman are in the church."
"there is no ""correct"" pronunciation. ancient egyptian never recorded vowel sounds. we can only guess what the name sounded like."
"usually can enjoy a good cup of coffee year around, but not every day, and only during morning hours, unless i`m dining at a restaurant during evening hrs. now the hot chocolate i`ll usually drink a a treat during the christmas holiday and the month of january on some cool winter mornings, because i eat chocolate candy bar and cakes,cookies year round. so nice of you to ask."
much like a bundt cake the hole in the middle allows for faster cooking at higher temperatures. without the hole it would be difficult to get the inside good and done without overcooking the outside.
mother are held in very high esteem by god. we have been given the privilege to bring life into the world. we have all the same rights.
"easiest way is to check and see if you have a resturant supply store in your area, they typically will sell to anyone. another option is to check for a costco, but the resturant supply tends to be better."
hot dog are eaten at picnics.. . frank still ha his hot dog.. . wiener are what little boy have.
"""aajeebb"", it literal meaning is magnificent. your friend probably used it to mean something like woooww"
"lily, it is so easy that you have passed it up.. pray..god doe not call you to do something that he doe not fund.. if it is a ministry of god, then he will fund it through tithe and offerings. god ha rich christian and he call them when he wants.. you don't have to go around asking the whole world, pray and fast.."
"nestlé milo is an australian-made milk beverage with chocolate and malt, produced by nestlé. milo is also manufactured in other countries, including new zealand, south africa, jamaica, malaysia, kenya and ghana.. . ovaltine (registered trademark of associated british foods) is a brand of milk flavoring product made with sugar (except in switzerland), malt extract, cocoa, and whey, by wander ag, a subsidiary of novartis consumer goods. it wa developed in switzerland,"
"iut come from the ancient egyptian when they were in great camel trains, pushing ,yelling and shouting and camel trying to wander off not going where they needed too, the driver went to the riverside and pulled a rush out of the rush with which they beat wayward camel into line, which although very slow during that hour before the gate closed wa usually successful and became known a the rush hour.. . if you believe that well !!!!!"
"i usually make the rice krispy treat and then after they are already in the pan and just starting to cool, i will press all the m&ms into the top of the treats. that way, they are not heated and will not melt. they are not all the way throughout the treats, but i have found this is the most effective way to add them"
"a combination of laziness and entitlement (ex. hey, i paid $6 for this popcorn, so i'm not going to throw the bag away.)"
who cares? i am too sexy for this question anyway.
"oh ya, sure,you betcha! ve just tink de oughta be called swedish meatballs. you know dey come from here in sweden. okey doykee den, ve see ya later, ya sure!"
"melt the chocolate in a bowl over simmering water, don't use the microwave, it's too hot. when the chocolate is melted, dip the strawberry in then put them on a non-stick baking sheet and refrigerate them till the chocolate ha set."
"human are social animals, and the majority of people are drawn into society for friendship, protection, and support. there are, of course, exception to the rule, but living a solitary life for most is a much too lonely existence. that's why solitary confinement is used a a form of punishment in prison. i think it also fulfills a secret desire to know that one is worthy of having the respect and others - it mean ""i'm worth knowing""."
"96/100=48/50=24/25. . just divide both top and bottom by a common multiple of each until you can no longer divide both by the same factor. in this case, i used 2 twice."
"i would not. it would cause me fear the remainder of my life, and i'd have to be oh so careful."
when you urinate your body is actually losing body heat at a rapid pace. this cause your muscle to convulse temporarily to warm back up from the temperature loss.
"let see...the obese ha more health problems. if they cant pay their health care bill, the state may have to pick up the tab, which mean we a the public pay it thru taxes."
"say a good funny memory about the person - something that people can laugh or go ""aww"" without embarassing your friend. something unique (could be incident or personality) that you think others want to know about your friend."
"1) fear of death. 2) fear of the unknown (also see 1 above). 3) fear of social isolation (nobody want to be the only one not in church on sunday, or the only one not doing what the neighbor are doing). 4) greed (anything that make people so emotional is certain to be profitable for somebody)"
"because most of the brand name are located in-between the needles, so it focus your eye there. the funny thing is, when a watch ha it's name on the left or right of the center, the ad usually keep the watch hand at ""10 and 2"" a it's called."
"you mean from the davinci code? it's an anagram for madonna of the rocks, by leonardo davinci. it wa a clue in the book."
"because if u average citizen share music because we don't feel like spending $30 for a cd that only ha one good song on it anyway, and we won't even listen to it in a year, well then the poor multimillion dollar artist and record label will only be able to buy 5 lamborghini's and a 45 room mansion instead of 50. but like t.o. they have to feed their families. what a crock of crap, spread your file everywhere i feel no pain for someone who get paid million a year to have sex with hot groupies, hell i'd do their job for free."
"birth certificate driver license, and social security card. go to the post office"
"we all are curious thats why we ask questions. then some answer it with a question because it is hard for a person to know himself that he doe not have a answer to the question asked, and try to fool the person who ha originally asked the question."
"so far in the area of human expression there ha not been an absolutely universal objective method for describing sensory experience to those who cannot also experience them for themselves. we can only describe what it is like or not like, and let that context reveal it true nature.. . we can only describe the color in the world and let that be the only guide to it understanding. there is no way that we could say a phrase or word and have that result in a perfect understanding of the concept of ""red"" in the mind of our audience."
"i think you need to ask yourself if the whole thing is really worth it, i mean if you think it is then you need to work with all your might to try and fix whats wrong, maybe you should just try counseling by yourself so that you can get yourself together. maybe that will further help you to determine if this is really the woman for you."
"i'm blinded by satan! you're right though, i'm praying for myself."
"probably for the same reason that the u medium always lean heavily in the palestinians' favor when ""reporting"" on the israel-palestine conflict. . . namely, that the left-leaning secularist who run the red cross (and the media) are a bunch of israelophobes."
"tekka area wa initially known a kandang kerbau (buffalo pen - lot of them in the area). maybe there were also bamboo grove nearby and so the hokkien community termed the area a ""tekka""."
"we can start by doing good to other people. and the positive ripple will make this world a safe place to live in.. . man, it take a lot of faith to believe this, doesn't it?"
because in the mist of being real; the reality of the marketing method is very obvious. dark skinned woman are unfairly judge based upon a white market demographics.
"i wa raised in a christian home and for most of my life we attended a methodist church. but when talk of endorsing gay minister began to surface we began to question whether that's where we needed to be. the church my parent attend now is (i seldom go anymore) non-denominational. so the answer to your question would be - some methodist's do believe in gay rights, some don't."
"the catholic church is not in any moral violation by hosting casino and/or bingo function so long a the fund house-funds go to a charitable cause.. . also, the parish hosting such event must ensure that the virtue of temperance is not violated.. . temperance is the virtue that disposes u to avoid every kind of excess. in this case; gambling addiction, because it may endanger the gambler and possibly his/her family by jeopardizing their financial situation."
"basically, if you have to ask this question, you are too socially immature to be there a a patron or an employee. you better check yourself before you wreck yourself."
"a law in the small town where i live, (in southern oregon), it is against the law to not have a loaded weapon in your home. it stem back from the 60's when a certain two family would get drunk and start shooting at anyone who moved. police would not respond to call of gunfire, so resident were on their own for protection. i just recently asked city hall about it, and it's still on the books."
it wa an apple from the tree of knowledge. eating the apple gave them human awareness that set them apart from the animals. so with that came the responsibility. or something like that i don't it just a story dude.
"this go back to the time when greek mythology wa in it halcyon days. the phrase wa originally caught between scylla and charybdis, these can be found in the strait of messina between italy and the island of sicily on one side of the strait is a dangerous rocky shoal and on the other is a whirlpool. in mythology they were represented a two female monster whose appearance spelled doom for whoever saw them. to be between them wa an awful fate, over time it became between a rock and a hard place which is much more easily understood than the other."
"this is defined a a secondary. phenomenon that is a by-product of another phenomenon.. . this is often used in the philosophy of mind to refer to the concept of a mind. rather than this being a separate spiritual entity a held in cartesian dualism, it can be postulated that 'mind' is an epiphenomenon of the extremely complicated arrangement of physical matter that constitutes the human brain, but is nothing above and beyond this."
it mean that you are about to sign a contract of some sort. it's like an agreement.
"i heard a quote once ""the most miserable people are those who expect happiness to be owed to them."" my guess is that we are a country dominated by miserable people. that doesn't surprise me."
men see woman a the most beautiful thing in the world. the more the merrier
"the eye of the needle wa a small gate in one of the wall of jerusalem. a loaded camel could not pa sthrough it.. it had to be umnloaded, pas through, then be re loaded with the good it carried. sorry but i do not remeber where that gate wa exactly.."
"now i'm confused. anjelkake said to read further, that the hair on a woman's head is sufficient covering. however, just previously, a stated by the questioner, ""if a woman doe not cover her head, she should have her hair cut off;"" so, my little brain cannot handle all of the contradictions!"
carrucho is something that you find inside the snails. is a seafood it's called conch meat.. . also it a specie of turtle.
i think it's from the fat of the chicken. they do leave the skin on when they cook it.
"american society is based on the ideal of every man for himself. this produce some great successes, but it ignores the fact that human are social being and sometimes individual need help from society at large. a such, there are large group of people not only being overlooked, but preyed upon by the unscrupulous (who often tend to be the richest in society)"
if we defend our self you say (( violent)). if we seek peace you say ((powerless))
do you mean like a 35mm slide? you'd have to use a double exposure. if you mean digital just place it behind your photo a a translucent layer.
"perhaps you appear too needy when you are around others. when you desperately want someone to like you, you tend to cling too much to those that initially express friendship. then, after being around that for a bit, they decide they can't handle it and stop calling you. don't seem so desperate for attention, and people will include you."
"cornstarch will thicken it yes, but to make it creamy, i would add half and half, or heavy whipping cream. also, if you want to make a soup creamy, but still keep it healthy, you can add potatoes. the natural starch from the potato will give the soup more substance and in turn, make it slightly more creamy."
"don't use milk for starters, it contains pus from infected cow udders. and although the final product is nearly clean and homogenized, the idea of drinking pus from an infected udder is nasty"
i think that there is no end of crime. there is going to be someone out there breaking some rule or law .its like the war on terror or or the war on drugs. it will always be there. all we can do is try.
i would buy one. it is what they think/say.
"interesting question. i don't think it can be totally prevented, but a well-trained counselor will at least be aware"
".... because there are those that are self centered, selfish and want more than everyone else, and will do anything to get more than anyone else. they place profit above all else, and the envoirnment suffers for it."
"instead of sitting down and doing nothing, go for a walk or help clean the kitchen or work in the yard. do something other than sitting or lying down."
unbleached is better for health because the other one ha bleach in it ! yuckkkkk
"in america mean ""i have brown skin"" . in spain mean "" i have brown hair"""
"yeah, first you need a lawyer and if the childrens biological father is still alive, he need to give legal written consent to relinquish his parental rights. atleast that is how it is in ny."
don't do drug . . you have to be a real rocket scientist to do drug while on probation...
"because theirs is not a ""convert the masses"" religion.. . pretty much explains the ""nice people"" part a well."
"good grief.... . scrud:. dated colloquialism for a venereal-disease , especially one causing painful urination . see std for synonyms."
"maybe because you feel your prayer are not answered,. . maybe you feel like your will alone will set your mind in motion.. . now you are on the right track"
"pause, remember them---share those memory with others who (hopefully) thought well of the deceased. offer my sympathy and condolence to the surviving family members...pay my respect at the funeral, wake, etc. gratefully acknowledge the benefit of the relationship i had with the deceased, grieve for their passing---keep living, remembering the beauty of that person's spirit."
hang the branch in a dark warm place. when dry place in a jar and keep in a dry place
some one ha been reading today....but q&a took it away.... . red. sweet. with lots............
"leviticus 11:7 - and the swine, though he divide the hoof, and be clovenfooted, yet he cheweth not the cud; he is unclean to you. . . this chapter talk about what you can eat."
"we are not greedy. i believe that everyone is bisexual, they just have yet to meet the right member of the same/opposite sex.. . may i also add that i am currently in a longterm, loving relationship with my girlfriend, kinnda proving that u bisexual arnt cloest homosexuals."
"only the state can decide if an individual is unable to decide for him or herself medically, and that is only if they are a harm to themselves or others. many adult are placed into state custody and institutionized after harming themselves or others and taken to a local hospital where authority are called and guardianship is placed."
i know what you are talkin about. . you go over the permanent marker with normal dry eraseboard marker.. then simply wipe and it gone!!.. no alcohol no cleaning liquids..
"people like answers, not questions. answer make sense of something unstable and bring order to that instability. if you question something, you are doing so for your own sake, but at the same time you are necessarily (though probably not intentionally) challenging someone else's sense of stability/security (since that other person would see no reason for his/her belief system to be questioned). you're not meaning to hurt anybody else, but it's just that too many people cannot easily face a disturbance to their beliefs; they view the one who asks the question a the problem."
"you could contact any one of the different religious order or you could speak to a catholic priest who can direct you. there are franciscan monks, benedictine monks, etc so you will need to discern the different charisms (gifts) of each order and where god want you to be. god bless you."
use gel color and knead it in. i also suggest adding a few drop of flavoring to help it taste better. add in a little powdered sugar if it is to sticky. wear disposible glove or you will dye your hand too.
you are asking for too much information to give you here. you'll have to do your own homework this time.
magento please notice that all of your bible verse listed above talk about how the lord wa involved or god did this through someone. if the lord or god wa involved or worked through someone anything is possible.
"""chavs"" are like trailer trash. the disdain for them is a classist thing....not uncommon in any culture, and certainly a prominent feature of british culture..."
"la carreta is cheap, and the food is average at best; it's the cuban version of a diner. however, they are (or were; been a while since i've been there) open very late, so they were great for dinner at 2am.. . versailles is a cut above lc, but still nothing to write home about."
a group of witch is a coven. sabbat are pagan festival which commemorate point of the wheel of the year. soiree is also an acceptable term for our goddess gatherings.
there are different type of mat and resin. it also depends on thickness and how well the fiberglass is rolled out between layer application.
"i think it's to encourage people to contribute some answer rather than asking question only. asking question without answering any might be perceived by some a taking without giving, although i don't really agree - if someone asks interesting question they are contributing something by encouraging people to think. i also think the point system encourages a sense of gamesmanship which can be fun in it own right."
"are you asking what is the history of the word ""examination""? a in why do we use that word?. . if so, it is from the latin word ""examinare"" meaning ""to test or try,"""
that is a matter of your own opinion. just because someone doesn't have the same belief a you that doe not make that person a idiot. you are just stereotyping that individual which is not right because if you are religious i doubt your religion consist of being judgmental towards others and not to mention rude.
"because it's a mexican beer and traditionally mexican beer is served with lime. next time when having a corona, put a shot of bacardi limon in it. it's really good."
"what kind of cooky do you want to make? there are so many varieties. you ought to do search for ""cookie recipes"". some of my favorite are shortbread, oatmeal chocolate chip, and peanut butter."
"ireland ha a pitiful coastguard and north american here are overlooked by the authority because they are so busy with the huge influx of eastern european immigrant recently.. so, if you can actually get a boat to bring you over without one, you might actually get away with it fro a time. but eventually you'll have to register and ask not to be deported if you wanna earn any kind of living here."
"god is everlasting - something the human logical mind can't grasp, but god ha always existed!. . i'd rather believe god created something from nothing than nothing created something from nothing"
"racism is never ok. jackson and sharpton are demagogue and merchant of hate. a dr. king said, "" i have a dream today. that my four little child will one day live in a nation where they will be judged not by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character."" amen"
because he probably play a stradivarious violin...i.e. cost of the instrument
"mercy is the loving kindess, compassion or forbearance shown to one who offends. grace is the free and undeserved gift that god give u to respond to our vocation a his ""adopted children."" mercy is given when you offend or sin, grace is given upon request; a.ka. penance or baptism."
"the greasted commandment is to love jehovah god with your whole heart and soul and to love your neighbor a yourself. jehovah is jesus father. jesus is not god, he is the son of the most holy father jehovah"
they only put out gimmick like that for a limited amount of time. if sale are not that high then they will drop it. if sale are really good they will do 1 out of 2 things. they will extend the shelf sale or they will take it off shelf and then wait to release them a an new product
"because one of them follows the general guideline of scientific theory and one of them doesn't. one of them can be backed up by thousand of document of supporting evidence, the other end with ""faith"" a the answer. trying to equate the two is silly."
double boil over water the chocolate with cream. itll melt it perfectly if u use good amount and good chocolate
"maybe the question should be...why do follower of the bible judge others even though they are taught not to? people have to make a judgment call on the bible, otherwise they would be sitting on the fence of their beliefs."
"there is no catholic reason why you could not be married in the catholic church.. . i don't know the rule of the bulgarian orthodox church.. . talk to your local parish priests, both catholic and bulgarian orthodox.. . with love in christ."
"we do use soap and water on our behind everytime we take a bath or shower, which most american do several time a week. washing our bottom after using the toilet just is not the cultural norm in the us, washing our hand is the norm. i'm sure that you have some practice in your culture that we would consider disgusting. that's just life and how we were raised."
"among 18 study of type ii diabetes or the metabolic syndrome, omega-3 fatty acid had a favorable effect on triglyceride level relative to placebo but had no effect on total cholesterol, hdl cholesterol, ldl cholesterol, fasting blood sugar, or glycosylated hemoglobin, by meta-analysis. omega-3 fatty acid had no effect on plasma insulin or insulin resistance in type ii diabetic or patient with the metabolic syndrome, by qualitative analysis of four studies."
"i have just started reading what you've recommended, and i must thank you for showing me this. it look very interesting, and a an atheist/buddhist i think that i will agree with many of the book's ideas. thank you."
"supposedly a straight man; who dress very well and is into a heighten state of physical grooming. in addition; he might be well cultured in the arts, music, news updates, and socially aware of various causes."
i am willing to do something about it. i recycle thing all the time and travel on public transport all the time. if you would like to find out more of way to save energy around the home there are plenty of websities to help you.
"this is how i make my taco salad,, ground beef, a pack of taco seasoning, lettuce, tomatoes, cheese, onions, hot peppers, sour cream, taco sauce, re-fried beans,olives, cook the ground beef and add the pack of seasoning following direction on back.. don't mixed the food together let the people do i on there plate,,and use doritos taco flavor chips. omg so good"
"when you look at a cut of meat, and there are thin white line throughout the meat that look like what marble look like (hence ""marbling"") that is marbling. they say that marbling make the steak taste better. it really ha nothing to do with cooking it, it ha to do with choosing the meat you want to buy."
pride is the answer. a lot of people think more highly of themselves than they ought to.
"any girl who is ""looking"" for a real answer to their hurting questions, need to look elsewhere.....this site is only for entertainment. . i see you just started here with ya.........welcome!... give it a week, you will be shocked to see everything and if it can be typed ....it'll be printed...........just laugh at it and move on to next question"
"you can't stop them a long a they think it will work. so the best bet is to ignore them (or rather the tissue paper). when confronted and they tell you they put the tissue there, just ask them ""so?"" and chance are they'll move along."
cause they don't know how to turn that frown upside down. :)
i would not my boyfriend getting a lapdance because it seems like he is getting excited about another girl. i also think that is degrading to women.
"a 'scientific' explanation would say that you will just die. no thinking,no dreaming, no breathing, no existing.. thankfully i have faith in god."
"you don't need your driver's license for anything but driving. for all the rest, you could use a passport or state-issued id. it's just that most people have dls, so they make for a convenient form of id.. . you might not need a dl to *start* a car, but don't get caught driving one without it."
it's not. i've seen it in plastic and glass container a well.
"if by charity you mean compassion towards others, then it end when people form en mass. a person is generally smart, compassionate, and caring, but people tend to be ignorant, selfish, and uncaring. a family is easily controlled by parents, but the government, even small local ones, are not easily controlled and must be impartial, uncaring, and... sometimes just idiotic."
are you opening a food store or trying to close one down?? your question isn't clear.
"basically ""aubaine"" refers to any good opportunity that you have. it mean by extension any financial opportunity that you have: receiving unexpected money, having a rebate/discount."
"take deep breathes and think of all the great thing and people in your life. if you do this you should feel better, and remember the world doesn't revolve around you so don't expect it to."
yes to some extent . but when they are rediculous then no.
co the chicken wished it wa still alive & had it ? lol
"the timetable will change before that date, but you have a trip that leaf fredrichshafen at 13:33, you must change train at ulm (train arrives 14:45, connection leaf 14:55, platform number are in the timetable). connecting train arrives 18:02 at salzburg. the cost of the trip (without reduction or travel cards) is eur 171 for the four persons."
i wanted to see what frog leg tasted like. they just happened to taste like chicken. i wanted to taste frog!!
the red and white rose of england is a combination of the rose of yorkshire and lancasther and wa adopted by te tudor monarch to try to bring about unity between the waring factions. a for 10 rose [no idea]
an american person would read 1 a one. a german person trying to say 1 in english would say van. or maybe vun
"unfortunately it when we buy into the idea that their opinion really matters. i've found the best defense it to increase my self-esteem and to realize the only people i really need to please is myself and my creator. it's a hard one, but a i get older, i'm getting better at it. there is always someone that will have something to say about you."
"you know little of one's personality just from looks, so let scratch that one. beautiful though, is anyone that make you look twice, no matter what it is. beautiful is when you see someone that make your heart pound, and you remember them the next day."
"it is musical dialect is a combination of english, spanish, portuguese, african phrase and a good dose of jamaican slang. spoken in a sing-song style, the result is a exotic a any foreign language. jamaican patois is a fascinating use of the language"
frankly it is christian that seem to be answering the scathing question from non-christians. so they may be naive... but perhaps you are ignorant??
"ok. i'm not sure if that wa supposed to be funny, but i laughed. if you aren't dead yet, don't worry about it."
"perhaps ""what can you do to make your life more meaningful?"" at least that's answerable, even if we'd still have everyone coming up with different answer heh."
"interestingly enough, the old english word for ""ask"" is ""acsian"", so in afro-american vernicular english (aave), ask is reversed to /aks/. this might reflect the influence from some african phonology.. . don't dis ""axe"", because ""ask"" come from ""acsian""!"
"because you can buy anything with money! such a a gun, a political office, a woman, a nice car,etc. in short the people who have the money have the power and the nice things."
by going deeper into his real self. apparent is not real and real is not apparent. you have to develop an insight into the person you interact with.
"the most annoying a big, drawn out sluuu-uuuuurrp followed by a lot of crunching, and then to have it repeat about ten or fifteen times.. . it's like a hog feeding at the trough."
whats wrong with peace on you. sometimes we say piss on you. we don't find anything wrong with that. i personally i would like to see the saying changed to piece on you.
"i tell you what.... that there ouija board done gonna haunt the hell outa ya in the near future yep... it wont look bad when you playin, but wait till ya go to sleep yep..."
it seems like that. i find myself being judged by men because i don't have a college degree although we have so much other important stuff in common. so much for the statistics. i guess we are considered item not people
with a hammer and pick on construction paper. pick it apart and make sure you have plenty of beer and old bay seasoning on hand.
"i tell you another way to remove bad effect of kar-sarp yoga from your horo.. . contact a charmer...pay him some money to release a snake,(whose fang have not been removed), in jungle..before your eyes. this remove kal-sarp yoga from you and your children."
"anybody's allowed to be patriotic, but just think about if it a good idea. patriotism is saying ""i love my country no matter how many bad thing it does"". better to love your country for it good aspect and criticise it bad ones. healthy criticism will only make your country better."
"first you would need to go to the american embassy and apply for a work permit, or a green card. another way is if can get an american company to sponsor you. it not easy, there will be lot of red tape, and life over here for the 1st generation immigrant is very hard, it is a choice and sacrifice that you would bear to better you future generations. i wish you the best of luck, may god help you if you wish to follow this path."
"a good 'time out' is usually the best penalty.. . people hate to be ignored, whether child or adults. if the offending human can be given 'time out'..that is time away from human contact, it is usually sufficient penalty."
splenda is substituted in recipe cup for cup. in other word use your favorite recipe and instead of using the amount of sugar called for use the same amount of splenda.
lack of education. teacher lately feel student should have good self esteem and that education is secondary.. . so we'll end up with alot of cocky moron who can't spell.
"cryptozoology is the study of animal and other creature that have not yet been accepted by science a real.such a unicorns,mermaids,mermen etc.. this zoo is divided into 3 types:. 1-humanoids(something like human). 2-draconic(dragon or dragon like). 3-animals that r extinct"
"i am not a parent of identical twins, however i am a twin. my sister and i had the same problem when we were kid and whenever one of u went to a party by ourself, our parent would take the other one of u out and do something with u so we didnt feel left out. in the end, it worked out for both of u and we were allowed to have our own identities. your twin need a best friend beside each other."
"i go to a ranch and ride 4 wheelers, fish, bbq and enjoy sunsets.. maybe not exiting to some but my weekday are very hectic.. . can you tell i'm from texas?"
"there are several different reason why people like different smells. i think one of the main reason is that smell have a tendancy to trigger memories. for instance, i like the smell of skunk. i think that i like this because it brings back childhood memory of staying the summer at my older sister's home in rural idaho... lot of skunk."
"they seem different to me.. #1 she looked at him: this suggests a straight-on eye-to-eye gaze, a studied gaze.. #2 she took a look at him: this suggests a mere glance, a cursory once-over.. #3 she had a look at him: this suggests a more appraising look, and probably done without him being aware of it.. it's very subtle, but the difference are huge. i think this is a great question."
"what? use spell check,and make sure your question make sense!!!!"
"nobody knows, but there are some indication that it is a strange form of allergic reaction. in a couple case where the reaction ha been severe, it ha been controlled by using standard allergy medications. while it is more common with onions, it appears that the entire allium family affect some people this way."
"without god and money, church and wal-mart woukld be obsolete. the world wouldn't know to do with itself."
i completely agree with you - young men should be taught that marriage and fatherhood are part of life - and that their participation in those thing are manditory. i believe that there would be le cheating and divorce if men had the upbringing that taught them to value being a husband and a dad.
well now i am going to take ur question advice because i just bought one and liek 2 week later it started leaking and spilling over and now teh stupid thing wont turn on when i want it to but last week it turned on by itself at like 5 in the evening so anyways im writting them maybe it wa a recalled pot we didnt hear about. hope u get a new one or ur fixed at least.
champagne is an alcoholic beverage made from grape from the champagne region of france. sparkling cider is a non-alcoholic drink made from apples.
"both were part of the early anabaptist movement in europe. jacob amman lead a group that broke from the mennonite in 1693 and they became known a ""amish."". . see source for more information.."
"because only christ brings real joy. they don't get it, so they're confused. they haven't experienced god's love, otherwise they'd wish they never didn't believe"
"written word ha existed longer than written history. the earliest known writting wa done on clay tablet which served a books, later of course paper and eventually a printing press would be developed. the actual invention of book or the first writer is not known.. early tradition say that book were passed along orally, that is people would memorize the entire text from someone else and then share it with others before the written language wa developed."
"i only use one light meter, it's an ambient lightmeter by gossen (the gossen digipro f).. . i use it for all of my portrait photography and have had no problem or situation come up where i've needed any other type of lightmeter"
"china is in the midst of a slow evolution toward capitalism. it is inexorable. once people have tasted freedom, it is hard to give it up. the soviet experienced a mini revolution (as opposed to evolution) one reason china is able to move more slowly is that the majority of their billion live in rural area and are not part of the information age."
"mix with people at a place you really feel comfortable - or simply keep your eye wide open, there are many situation you might get to know someone.. . or try online dating...?"
"i think people with those serious issue probably like the anonimity. also they can weed out the answer they don't want to hear in this kind of forum whereas they can't when discussing their issue with someone face to face.. hopefully they will get the help they need in the ""real"" life. great question!"
"you will be ""upholding the constitution"" when you take the oath when you join the military. a recruiter is first on your list. make big bucks, life-time friends, envy of the meek, & get rid of the bad guys."
this language is sanskrit.and that's not magalan.it is mangalam.it mean may all be prosperous.. i'd like to say the same for you. good luck
i dont know...i live in norway..but if you want to meet norwegians..go to norway. ha ha ha...lykke til.
both dad and mum bring 50% of the genes. 50+50 = 100%. so they get gene from both parents.
go to their website and hit career oppurtunities. you will find all the information there.
i'm thinking dumbledore isn't really dead. there's some trick involved and he'll be back. same a sirius black.
lmao i think that all the time everytime i hear them blasting that sh!t. why do they think that sound good how do they listen to it
"cedar point will be having their firework show on tuesday, july 4th at 10:00pm above the aquatic stadium. after the fireworks, they have the ""hot summer lights"" show on the big screen by iron dragon at 11:00pm. the park is open til midnight."
"last time i wa in nyc, i saw a guy with a sign that said ""i need money for drug and whores"". i almost gave him money just for being honest. not really an answer, just wanted to share."
"because it's easy to do... and you have to admit, both side are guilty of this. how many time have we seen certain muslim complain about americans, yet call them all christian and say ""how christ-like"", yet really have no idea how many of the christian interpret their own religion. . this is one battle neither side is going to win and the battle will never end, because no one ha the nerve to actually say ""we could be wrong""."
type in lose ten pound in three days.........they have a meal plan if you follow exactly what is say for three day youlose ten pound and if you keep following it longer than three day you'll lose more!!!
we do? is that what i have been missing out on!
put one foot in front of the other! head west and when you get to the ocean hang a left if you are near oregon. hang a right if you are near the mexican border.
"i used to drink b/t 2 and 4 liter of mountain dew every day. one day i finally switched to diet mtn dew, and then almost 4 moth ago i completely quit drinking soda. haven't had one since. drink water, milk, juice, green tea."
how can it be a monopoly when there is pepsi. do you know what those word mean? coke dose not have a monoply on the market.
"if anyone could do what they wanted anytime they wanted without any form of reprisal, that would mean that there would be no control over population of people ie no law, no wrong or right. therefore there would probably be very little progress, a lot of chaos and much confusion over many things. animal have free will look at them a an example of why free will could be seen a over rated."
"chicken breast, egg noodles, celery, carrots, potato (sometimes), sage, bay leaf and a little boullion. i also like to use rice instead of noodles."
none. the prune industry sucessfully lobbied the u congress a couple of year ago to get the official term for a dehydrated plum changed from prune to dried plum. a prune had a bad connotation for a lot of people
"sound like tofu to me. :). . according to the website below, food industry use it a a 'taste enhancer' because it contains msg (monosodium glutamate) which ha a ""savory"" flavor, whatever that means."
"my favourite monty python movie....if you haven't seen it, rent it. one of the funniest movie around."
"what is ""the church"" to which are you referring? the one true church described in the bible (which btw is not the catholic church, it wasn't around until about 600 ad) would condemn such based on 1 corinthian 6:9-10."
yes. he wanted to be betrayed so that he would rise from the dead and defeat rosalinda celentano.
"clean .... simple and clean.... or beach bum... so either a nice breathable shirt and and jean or slack or wife-beater and dickie short ... there are all style here just like everywhere else from the preppy ( ambecrombie ) to the skater (vans and dickie) to the pimps/players ( fubu, phat farm, ect.) to the surfer (old worn clothes )... so chance are you'll fit in but do bring flip flop because everyone wear sandals...chances are it'll be in the 70's to the 90's so nice the whole time ."
"evolution, a one of the method that god used to create life, a we now know it, on earth should be taught in church. not because it requires faith to believe in it, but because it reveals to u something about who god is and how god works. there is no part of the law of evolution that contradicts the scripture, or demeans god – quite the opposite.. . at the same time, and a a christian, let me say emphatically that “intelligent” design, or creationism by any name, should not under any circumstance be taught in public (or any other) schools."
"because it is already defensive....or maybe i should say offensive...it begin by excluding a group of people ( non-christians) which reek of judgement ( only those ""good christians"" will understand that) and set the tone a one full of higher morals(judgement again...hhhmm recurring theme?) and that damn ""holier than thou"" attitude that so often come along with ""good christians"".. when christ wa actually around i don't think he seperated himself from anyone with a phrase...""oh, a the son of god.... i think...."" he said we are all the same.... much nicer than his follower i am afraid to say..."
your question is not very clear but if you mean why is the non luminous flame in the outer part of the flame here goes.. . non luminous flame is caused due to complete combustion of hydrocarbon vapours.when we light a partcular fuel it vapour are formed which catch fire due the high temperature with the help of oxygen.the vapour which vapourize the first get the max oxygen and undergo complete combustion giving out carbon dioxide forming a non luminous zone of the flame.. . the vapour which come later don't get enough oxygen and thus burn partially forming unburnt carbon particle which glow due to the heat.thus we have the luminous zone of the flame.
becuase when you go to school you are with your friend and some of the time having fun. but when summer vacation come you don't see your friend a much so you are bored and kind of depressed.
"to sleep is to dream, to dream is to live. after living we all must sleep again, and the cycle begin anew."
"probably being cheated by unscrupulous taxi drivers! the weather could get to some who are more adjusted to cooler climates, so wear cotton.. other than that you should get by just fine.. majority in our country speak english therefore there's no language barrier.. people here are generally friendly & helpful."
complete and utter lack of motivation. have you ever tried to get a pickle to do something? it's impossible. they just float there all day.
wrong info dude.. . everybody get cremented. some exception are made in case of infant and sanyasis. but that is all.
i turn away. i can't stop myself laughing - i'm an awful giggler!!
"i do it all the time, but then again i'm god....i don't know how you mortal do it....:d . . (i mean this is a funny haha way, not a ""thanks for the two points"" way)"
at one time newcastle wa a polluted place to live in until about 30 year ago.. i used to commute from sydney to newcastle about three time a week.. the wran government at the time cleaned it up like they did with darling harbour.. newcastle is new south wale second largest city. it ha a fantastic bus and train service.
it is often a progressive step to the learning and growing in the ministry. some choose not to take the step. a lay minister is not legally authorized to perform marriages...which is the one step the government take into religious practices.
do what they did in toronto two day ago. take the car that were confiscated and then demolish them with a very large back hoe on live tv. that may dissuade those from racing. that and heavy jail time.
"i would ask her why she ha discontinued writing fiction when she is evidently so good at it. i would also ask her why she chooses to stay in india, where she is unpopular and where she ha run into problem with the law. finally, i'd ask her what she think the greatest challenge facing the global community are, and what need to be done to ease the poverty and suffering in the third world. these are question that are particular to roy's situation, and her response to them would give great insight into her character, ideal and values."
"the boy's name godfrey is pronounced gahd-free. it is of old german origin, and it meaning is ""god-peace."" a saint's name, popular during medieval times. the name of a valet in the 1936 comic film ""my man godfrey."""
"check out narcissitic personality disorder. yes, he is trying to prove something, that he is not inadequate, he prof it by seducing unavailable women."
"june 6th 1944,. . a day that will live in infamy. . the day that the german were defeated by the ally in world war ii which sparked a turning point in the war."
thank you for saying this....... nothing is worse than trying to have a conversation with a woman with more hair on her lip than my dog...... . some woman need to take more pride in their appearance
"i can't think of any particular one right now--but i have seen movie with very unhappy ending (which i expected to turn out happy). for instance, there wa one where a couple struggled to be together for years, and finally when they were--one died. i wa very upset about that."
"not only the women, men too are over weight in america.. even the kid are getting fat now a days.. i think is mostly due to the fast food that we eat and driving to everywhere.. we need to eat le junk food, and eat more veg, and fruits.. we need to walk or bike more.. this health problem is costing this country billion and billion from day miss work and hospital costs."
probably ixthus which is greek for fish. (the car decal we see on the back of christian cars.)
"in a one-on-one confrontation, your typical gang-banger fight like a girl. observe any member of the so-called ""bad"" gang, ms-13. what a bunch of scrawny wimps! :-d"
you can get transfer from place like staple or walmart. you print it on there and then iron it onto the shirt.
have you tried adding two egg to them and then rolling them in nuts? i eat em buy the sack that way
gettysburg. it turned the tide of the american civil war and preserved the union allowing america to eventually become a superpower with the ability to crush the nazi's and the win the cold war.
you are getting on my last neuron with this question!!!!!
because we believe it. if we don't...it is not.
it hard because you have to blow out and breath in thru ur nose at the same time.. i'm in australia although not native aust (aboriginal)
"naive = either through ignorance or innocence, you don't know something that other worldly, experience people typically know.. . ie.. the girl wa quite naive when she thought the salesman at the door wa actually trying to 'save her money'."
"i never travel with out a fodor's guide. the walking tour are the best you can get and they give all kind of little tip and secrets, along with idea on what to do if you have only a certain amount of day in an area."
i would have you serve me some coffee. you're av is hot!
"congratulations! i am a costumer and i hope that someday, i am asked to make costume for your show. after seussical, all other musical are just boring to design. you'll probably need to hire an entertainment attorney in order to copyright the musical."
"i think you're answering your own question. you say that, according to creationism, woman were created in man's image, which would mean that man existed before woman, which in turn would mean that adam already had nipple and therefore eve wa created with nipple (in his image), but with breast to feed her babies.. . so, logically, men have nipple because they descend from adam, who wa created with nipples."
it's only called a queef if it come out of a girl's pussy. it's called a queef because that's what it sound like.
"i assume you have some basic form photo software program on your computer .find a area you may call adjustment , or the selection on your program called color saturation, or color balance. this will allow you to move or adjust lesssen the level of color out of your image via graduation. then find contrast adjustment, most likely you will need to add a bit of contrast. hope i helped."
"because what is obvious to you might not be obvious to someone else. we are living in a multicultural world, you know."
"according to alton brown on the food network, it is to prevent the broiler from cycling off once it reach a certain temperature. by leaving the door open, you are preventing the temperature from reaching it set point and thereby stopping it from cycling off."
"a distant ancestor, one of the first one capable of abstract reasoning, looked up at the sky and wondered what those bright sparkly thing were. and then made up a story about how they got there. and thus god wa created."
"ricki lake ended yr ago... why doe it matter? it no longer exists.. . seeing how it's an american show, they would be more likely to put american of any color on it, before they would a europeon.. . just a thought..."
stop eating it.. thats a start.. . . lol
"because united kingdom, a it name implies, is a unified group of nations.... northern ireland, england, scotland, wales. just a ""russia"" is really a collection of several republic and the u is a collection of states.. england is only one of these (but the most powerful)."
"you are cracking me up.. . i don't think jesus knew about the unicorns. if he wa so smart, he would've had noah bring 3 to make up for the one who got sick."
"nope might scare the little kid when they watch it. but if they make some adult swim cartoon out of it, hell yea!"
you don't have to. you have my permission to leave them open.
"well...actually, there are lot of black olive packed in jars. they also come in those cans, but the more expensive one are in jar and they are delicious...love 'em !! any of 'em."
search this on yahoo so people can understand what you are inquiring about!!!
"the basis for creationism is the bible, from the book of genesis, which actually borrows quite a bit from the story of gilgamesh, which predates genesis.. the creation story in the bible is meant to answer the question of life and it origin for a particulare people of faith. i don't read it a science."
"hello sir!. remember me...?. well, the idea's good....but i think the better 1 is that the q/a(s) with those adult content should be given a different category which could not b read by kids.. coz kid of young age even get many q/a giving knowledge which help them compete in their life n class..."
"when the first fart wa blown, and the first woman gagged. this is prehistoric humor and still trigger laughter even though we are civilized and know the science, it's still drop to the floor funny when you see someone off guard walking into an air biscuit."
"hows doe knowing where the universe come from help you at all? the whole question is unrelevant... it exists, thats all you need to know... the probably with humanity is that we are so focused on where we came from, not where we're going..."
i am muslim and i live in an islamic country actually a very little number of muslim do that. and believe me the beard ha never been a sign of being muslim or not. some muslim just do it to show that they are more religious a prophet muhamed said and this is called (sunnah) . all what matter in islam is to believe that allah is the only god and that muhammed is his prophet and also to believe that the holly quran is the word of god.
"something i learned in my yoga class- you take those thought or feelings, and you visualize putting them into a big helium balloon, and you let it go and watch it float away, and those feeling go with it. it just take a moment."
nothing.......being sober rocks.........you get to be there a people make total ass of themselves.............later you can make fun of them for it!!
"it's black men who have sex with other men. they are ""on the down low"" because it is considered weak or wrong for black men to be gay (more so than white men). we don't know the precentages. that's why it's called ""the down low"""
hi.. my name is mister laffy pants. and you are????
"coffee doe not cause bad breath. you can just smell the coffee on your breath after drinking it. of course, if you don't like the smell of coffee then thats a different issue."
"bukhari say prophet muhammad (saw) will have 12 successor (successor mean one after the other), which only the shia school of thought has. in genesis in the bible god say from the seed of ishmael i will create a great nation w/ 12 princes, shia. hadith-e kisa, the event of ghadir, and a million other historical fact in non-shia texts."
"you may see it this way, however if a guy or girl are in a relationship based on superficiality, the relationship wont last. common sense doe prevail eventually."
are you really asking this question? have you realized that it is impossible to get an answer for your question?
"how about a striped parasol? we have got a funny song here in hungary saying ""i'm doing my best to come first because the first prize is a striped parasol"" and i always tease my daughter that she is going for the sriped parasol. lol"
"not all people evolved, a can be seen by some of the question and answer here.. . (did you really want a sensible answer or would a banana do?)"
"liquor are basically a water and alcohol (ethanol) mixture. alcohol freezing point is -114, so depending on alcohol content of each liquor it will freeze or not at our freezer temp. that is about -18.. wine 12% alcohol freezes.. vodka 45% alcohol doe not."
"go audition for american idol. but instead of trying to be good, be insanely horrible. then you can be famous like that asian guy who think he's ricky martin."
"because they correlate ""freedom"" with ""myself"" and it's just an excuse to be vulgar. it's a good question you asked; i agree with you."
yes you are correct. very good. it is hard to find people who know something about their bible here.
"it is from the hebrew amayn meaning ""let it be so"". the longer version of this would be kayn yihi ratzon.. . in jewish practice, it isn't something you would say after your own prayer, but rather something you would say after hearing someone else's prayer. so it act a an affirmation that you agree with what the other person ha said."
"a toilet brush is the spiky object with a long white plastic handle which you'll often find beside the toilet.. . it is to be used when there is no toilet paper left or if you have something particularly sticky 'back there' which just won't come off with paper alone.. . grab the brush by the handle, bend forward a you sit on the toilet and get brushing. you'll be surprised at how clean you feel afterwards."
"take the time to live your life, don't worry about anything, because thing happen we can't control. try to meditate daily on just clearing your mind and finding true happiness through enlightenment. worry cause stress, which in turn can cause death. it's like the song says, ""don't worry!, be happy!"""
"they believe in total ""nirvana"". they shun material life entirely and so do not use any material man-made thing including clothes. they lead a very hard life -always travel on foot, no vehicle etc."
"if each person truly followed the ethical teaching of his or her own religion, there would be no such wars.. . why they happen is because the mind of man doe not want to obey the ethical commandments. while the teaching generally apply to all situations, it is one mind that supply the ""but"" to excuse different behavior in any given situation."
"delta. i have problem with them the last time. i don't like their customer service, they don't like to help you."
"i hasn't opened in a while because it closed about 7 year ago. i helped clean it out. i don't know if they were intending to reopen it, but i think they ran out of money. i imagine the building is still there, because it's historic and whatnot, but i don't know that there ha been any theatre there for a while.. sorry i can't be of more help."
"good call! the connotation of ""tolerance"" is different, and more insulting."
spicoli it sound a though you should try europe. in general people get back what they give and by your tone it sound like you would be perfect for europe or maybe even afghanistan.
"the meaning of life is to establish and further your relationship with jesus christ. everything else will leave you empty.. . . ecc 1:2 vanity of vanities, saith the preacher, vanity of vanities; all [is] vanity."
i know... i know...hey..teacher..pick me...i know the answer.............yoooooooo hoooooooooo. hello *waves hands*........i know the answer....call on me........
"just move in for the kill, i don't know your age or what kind of move your trying to make so i cant be more specific.. . you know it get old girl expecting the guy to always make the first move, aggressive girl are hot!"
cause male need to keep it from jumping around . female need it to keep some bacteria from going in
"you are trying to hard. just relax, if it happens, it happens."
"i think that it scare them. it is terrifying, sometimes, to know that god hold society accountable for their behaviors."
think of ur family or ur beloved! u will learn to appreciate ur life and u will never think u want to die.
the joy of eating ice cream offset the depression of rainy and dreary days. here in phoenix you can always tell the native because we are the one who are always looking out our window at the rain because it is such a rare sight.
"don't worry, a you get more point and get to higher level you'll be able to ask and answer more and more questions. just be patient.. have fun. :)"
"my glaciology teacher told me the 6 foot under thing originated in northern europe and they had the bury the body six foot under because that wa the active margin of the thermokarst zone in the permafrost. in other word if they buried the body any shallower the body would be pushed up to the surface everytime spring came and ground expansion occured from the melting of the permafrost layer. cant say if it true of not, but thats what he said and the process of ground upheaval is true."
i am vegan because i never really liked meat a a child. i became a vegetarian over 10 year ago and then gave up eating all animal product. for me it wa just a natural progression.
every county is required to carry copy of the license vendor apply for. you could start your search in your county just by questioning the local health department.
"a soul is the basic form of currency in place such a hell, wal-mart, and the internet. one soul is equal to roughly a gazillion gas dollars, and are often used to buy thing such ipods, houses, jobs, and style, a well a zen."
the glib answer is because it is not red meat. it is white meat.
"i always thought this wa an allegory pointing to the rise of agriculture and civilization. prior to this, they were hunter and gatherers. maybe more gatherer than hunters. with the rise of civilization come all these extra tabboos and fashions."
"they are doing it because they feel ""it's morally right"" f**k that it is not morally right follow the constitution and become and american or go home!!!!!!!!!!!. doe anyone else have a problem with them flying the mexican flag in america?"
right where we started. all thing travel in an orbit. the prize is getting to do it over again.
because they are passionate and intelligent. they also tend to eat a lot of spicy food so that increase circulation and make you more active...hence fiesty
"vocation is the main thing you do in your life for work, a in your job. an engineer's vocation is engineering."
"hmm, isn't biblical. ""devin"" is irish gaelic for ""poet"""
"that is one of the great mystery of creation/ god wanted fellowship and companionship, and he could only do this with man ( and woman) being created in his image and likeness..your question reminds me of something...do you remember about the man that wa born blind.jesus took moisture from his saliva and mixed it with "" the dust of the ground"" and placed the apparently round object in the man's empty eye socket , and jesus said "" go & wash"" and the man came back seeing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! wow!!!"
"south point in phoenix, az. they got a hilton and backyard waterpark but nicer than a normal one."
"if you get 21 and the dealer doesn't, you win!!!"
"boil the eggs, shell them and put in water that is 50/50 vinager. i add some green pepper and some beet slice and just a bit of sugar. put in the refridgerator for about three days. great for an instant snack."
"i'm neither, but i would be inclined to say it's due to the health risk presented, and the ability to regulate the porn industry. . . how would the state or federal government regulate prostitution when most prostitute don't work in a brothel?"
i think that yes in time the religion of this society will be considered mythology.i do find it kind of strange that we refer to old religion a mythology. maybe it's because we think we've disproved them a true. won't that kick u in the butt when we find out that ours isn't the truth huh?
"uk apple are the best in the world for taste and texture, so our weather is good for something! i don't buy anything else anymore. my two faves are cox's orange pippin and worcesters."
"""the omen"" is a movie about a couple and a child they adopted who may possibly be the spawn of satan... litteraly. the whole thing about 6+6+6 (06/06/2006) is people being supersticious about the mark of the beast and/or the devil's number and believing that something of an evil nature will take place on this day."
"good scope! you can do a good job in any animation industry,media house or in print media, all are best in it own respect. it depends on your interest. best of luck"
"i believe it help them make difficult decision such a when to have sex, whether or not to do drug and how much ""following the crowd"" is acceptable. also if they have religion there is another comfort zone for them. if they can't talk to mom they can still talk to god."
"maybe because you end up laughing at the person who is laughing. some people do laugh in a funny way or maybe seeing someone else laugh prompt a brain signal that a funny event ha occurred, then you have a response to the stimulus, which happens to be your laughter.............."
because they dont have flexible thumbs. lol jk. gentics and also family or peer influence
"i like you. i didnt get you at first, but i do now. good luck friend."
"there should be a spiritualist church near by,try going there try have medium doing reading for guests. i live in bolton and we have a few. good luck best wishes."
"exactly.some people don't realize there is a whole other world outside their own belief or even their own country where there are other belief and even no belief a a national view.such a china or india.china ha a national atheistic view and india is predominately hindu.then there are the buddhist of nepal.. . so, you have made a point that the christian fundamentalist can't argue.they just choose to ignore the reality of the world around them and instead choose to live in their religion and bible.sometimes my fellow christian can be very narrow minded."
they are. but they are afraid to come out
i have never noticed that this trait is specific to women. i have seen a lot of people (men and women) orient the map in the direction they are facing. it is a technique that i have seen taught in the military (with no regard to gender) used in combination with a compass when doing dismounted land nav.
"it a 3rd world way of capitol punishment. they just havent updated to newer forms, because they are still in 3rd world countries, and will always be, because that is where the most of their ""followers"" come from."
the well dressed dude that is running away from the other well dressed dude is the metrosexual. the well dressed dude that is running after a well dressed dude is gay.
why don't you mind your own business? i don't get why this is your problem.
i have never harass anyone at the local toilet. and that a sick and freaky person that do. almost scary if you ask me
not sure if you are talking about the fear of a sparrowhawk swooping down to snatch it prey leaving the watcher to only see it's shadow.... . ...or.... . an earthsea novel
"every thought you have influence the reality you experience and prayer are simply concentrated thoughts. any concentrated thought focused on that which is positive will bring happiness to your life. it doesn't have to start with ""dear god"" or end in ""amen""."
it o.k. people are trynna move back but there is still a lot of killing well they been doing that b4 da hurricane da job r paying way more money it o.k.
"my dear- in truth- everything is theory. and yes, that includes the bible...and the koran...and the torah...and the bahagavad gita....and einstein's theory"
"you will get a lot of different answer to this question and it's very possible they can all be correct because that/those gesture have been around for many, many year - possibly centuries.. it's best said to be anything from ""na na, you can't bother me"" to ""f---- you""."
"thats what we brit call your man-parts. . . incidently, a 'todger dodger' is a lesbian"
"lying is an integral part of human nature, and the nature of other creature a well. men pretend to be more capable of providing for a female and offspring, and to be more powerful than is the actual fact, a this attracts females, and female pretend to be younger and skinnier, a this signal to the male that the female is better for breeding purposes, and this naturally attracts the male."
"35mm is the width of the exposed frame when using this type of film. technically speaking, it's actually 36mm, but, when printing 0.5mm cutting off from either end is assumed, leaving you with 35mm."
your local social security office immediatly so they can stop your number and issue a new card - also contact all 3 credit reporting agency immediatly to sav your credit!!!
cook strait.. . the ferry crossing from wellington to picton is one of the most beautiful in the world.. . enjoy.
"because they were 'common' and crude and eventually became untouchable in high society. and a for english swear words, i believe you can accredit the anglo-saxon with that."
"history is systematically collected information about the past. normally this is in the written form, and may consist of recorded reference to historical events, record and archives, or just everyday document kept to enable future generation to understand how people lived in a particular period. often in different stage throughout time, history ha been distorted or biased for political purposes."
"hey an idiot can learn something very well. intelligence ha nothing to do with how much you know, it is your capacity for learning and your ability to have abstract (original) thought if that were the case every teenager would be albert einstein (cuz they know everything)."
"no we don`t say that we believe in all prophet , we respect all prophets,all prophet are noble ,and we have the complete story of moses and jesus peace be upon them. i love all prophet of god ."
i believe what someone had done previously in their life is their business. sometimes a person may want to leave thing in their past when they start a new relationship and build a new life with trust and loyalty in the new relationship. some time it better to let sleeping dog lie because what you learn may not make you happy and this cause stress and i am talking from experience.. it better to build on faith than learn to trust half heartedly.
"santeria - called lukumi by it adherent - is an african diasporic religion similar to vodoun.. . brujeria is a form of witchcraft, and is primarily based upon the indiginous folk magick of meso-american tribal peoples."
"yes there is a newark penn station, and obviously you know that..the other person doesnt. you can take the nj transit from the airport to nj penn station. you're looking at about $7.50 for that ride."
"thinking, come from the spontaneous arrangement of element by electrical pattern and current among our neurones. it impossible to get a concrete answer for this question, since we have to think to guess why we think, and no one is capable of finding the nature of something without using that only ""something"" and not using anything else."
you need to charge by the day....everyone i know charge by the day. i pay 12.00 a day per child....that is very reasonable. most people who choose to let a babysitter watch their child are trying to escape the high cost of day care centers...who charge way to much. 7 dollar is outrageous!
i'm pretty sure it's celtic. and isn't it a lot nicer than the boring 'have a good day' which i'm sick of hearing.
"the invisible hand is a metaphor created by adam smith to illustrate how the wealthy, by following their individual self-interest, unwittingly stimulate the economy and assist the poor. in the wealth of nations, adam smith make the claim that, within the system of capitalism, an individual acting for his own good tends also to promote the good of his community. he attributed this principle to a social mechanism that he called “the invisible hand”."
with the little info you gave... it sound to me like a class or degree of some sort.. . contemporary = modern day. . theatre art is usually used in reference to college degree or course of study.
6 hour ahead of eastern standard time. 7 hour ahead of central standard time. 8 hour ahead of mountain standard time. 9 hour ahead of pacific standard time
"after 911 canadian armed force went to afghanistan to eliminate the taliban. canada did so to reaffirm their alliance with their southern friend the united states. due to this demonstration of allegiance canada now find itself a target of terrorism. ironically the united state now speaks of drastically tightening it border with canada, damaging trade and tourism economics within canada."
"^^^^^incorrect.. . the sky is blue because of the way the sun reflects of small water droplet in the sky. so on some planets, where the atmosphere begin and end farther out than ours, the sky could be red, green, purple, orange, yellow, and anyother color you can find in a rainbow. wouldn't that be cool?"
"i would say for moral support not because we can't go to the bathroom by ourselves, but it is the only place where we can be away from the prying eye and ear of boys, so then we are able to ""voice our opinions"" about certain things, such a the latest gossip to academic, social, family, religious issues. i know, girl can be confusing at times..."
"by experience, basically practice. experiment, and look in cook books, instead of making the exact same thing, try to mix it up and see if it taste good, you'll have fun.:)"
"holland is in fact only a region of the netherlands (country). it is like saying england for great britain, except that the dutch don't get cross."
"both refer to type of belly buttons: an 'innie' is when the belly button flesh is inside of you, and an 'outie' is when the belly button flesh is rolled on the surface of your skin. which one you have depends on how the doctor who delivered you when you were born cut the umbilical cord."
"you just answered your own question. you know the reason, but don't understand the logic? i'm right there with ya buddy."
"nope, regular postage stamps. go to the post office though, to make sure you have enough on the envelope, i think it go by weight to anywhere in the world. but go to the post office.. . i sent a letter to a solder in iraq, and it took three stamps, it wa a thick letter."
a writer tell the world the thing that we are all afraid to say. a writer writes because he must and for no other reason.
people are just mean and hateful period...don't let them get to you. tell yourself you are better than that!
"the scientific study of the origin, the behavior, and the physical, social, and cultural development of humans.. . simplier term : . the science that study origin and relationship of human"
i************************************************. it's the same a the life cycle of a butterfly.. . be beautifull.. **************
"from curved potatos. ok, they crush potato into a slurry and stamp them out with a machine."
"because chicken is the secret meat that ""they"" want you to eat. it all part of a big conspiracy to get you to act like a chicken so that supermarket can save money on shipping food. if everything taste like chicken, they dont have to get a good variety."
"the closest thing that i can think of is leather pride. it is either that or: the black-medium blue-black flag is actually a police mourning band. it is typically worn a a band across the badge when an officer is killed in the line of duty. i have seen it in use more frequently now a a bumper sticker, i believe this is probably a show of respect for the police officer killed on september 11th."
within a couple thousand years... wanna take a summary? but not enough space allowed in yahoo answer
"and there is a lot more where that came from. scientist have proved the big bang did not happen( law [not theory] of conservation,of angular momentum)-but many don't want to hear that either. moon-earth distance relationship, oldest dessert and tree, and coral reef all about -4400 y. there is lot of 'stuff' that argues against an old earth."
the problem is that people tend to hide political issue behind religion a a way of defending their actions. the whole israel thing ha little to do with religion and more to do with power and greed. same with my country ireland for a long time.
i add a little bit of honey and curry to spice mine up before i broil chicken. give it that extra sweet and spicy kick!
"you take some fruit, some cold water or milk or juice and blend. yum.. some people blend ice too."
will i be able to fold jim_darwin in quarter to make a new picture? what would the new picture be?
people just aren't kind anymore. from what i've seen the shit is flying both ways.
if you cant open the bottle you must not want whats inside very bad. i would first try a bottle opener then maybe a hacksaw or if that doesn't work drill a hole in the top and strain the beer. i'm sure i could get the beer out of the bottle
it not like no one in india read book by indian author i do read. it just there is nothing to promote them no proper publicity and no one who read come to know about new book by indian author. i think it not that indian don't read indian author it is more that there are only few people in india who love to read. few library and and very few book store are proof of that.
"you mean a chamber pot. instead of bathrooms, people would use a chamber pot, which wa emptied every morning by a chamber maid."
"it wa such a long time ago that she might not even remember you. and the company might not even have record of her anymore. i think it's best if you just move on and keep fond memory of her.. . if you knew her last name, you could try looking her up in la, since that wa the last know place of destination for her."
healthy diet or whip myself? . i gotta go for the diet.
"place the nut in a baking pan and spread them out. bake them until it's thoroughly cooked. if you don't want to burn them, bake them in a lower temperature."
"baptism with water is the outward sign of the inner change that ha happened to your spirit. to some churches, you have to prove that change in different ways--some accept only full emersion of a person old enough to be accountable, and some just use sprinkling either of adult for themselves, or on baby with the parent accepting responsibilty of raising that child a a member of the faith. then there are quaker who believe that the rite of baptism should not be a public display, but should be solely between the person and god.. . no matter how it is done, the water really ha nothing to do with it, it is what is going on inside you that counts."
"a it turn out, flight number contain no special codes, other than the fact that they're generally assigned sequentially in order of flight departure time. they are usually assigned by an airline's marketing department."
take tc-1 all the way to kingston. then take tc 17 south towards toronto. . 2068 mile
it sound like you are being bullied in the workplace. seek advice.
"some do but not all(hopefully). . and they get paid everytime you come back, what make you think they will give you good advice."
"gee george, dunno!! . . (that dumb enough for ya?)"
"enable your pop up blocker. you may have to disable it occasionally to view some thing that are appropriate or not spam, but just turn it back on when you are done."
"boil it, then sautee in butter w/ a bit of seasoned salt. drizzle w/ lemon juice when serving."
it's just the part of the chicken that's up against the ribs.. . essentially breast.
"it mean to do the le obvious. to be different from the rest. to follow a path that is perhaps not a easy because not many other people have done it.. for example someone from a family of police officers, might choose to become a doctor, and the family may have reservations, and say, we have always had police officer in the family. it might be more difficult for that person, but they are taking an alternative route to do something other than the normal"
"no, that's not true. because muslim believe in jesus a a prophet who will lead them in the armageddon at the end of the world. and because jerusalem is under jew control"
"persimmons. . (diosporyus species) both asian and american persimmon are very beautiful tree that produce delicious, sweet orange fruit. all the tree we offer are grafted and will have superior quality fruit on an early bearing tree."
"you need ta ta on your avatar. just ask jimbo. he put a hot korean chick on his avatar and bam, 40+ answer on his questions."
from the smeely old woman siting in the bench for hour and hour at a time. the really need to bleach them to get the smell out.
"christianity is not open because people are so critical of others. if we make one mistake then people look down on u and make the remark ""and your a christian"". people forget that we are all human and we all sometime or other make mistakes."
omg yeah they are aint they?!. mind you we have a new chinese takeaway nr me and the cook kept eyeing me up yesterday and he is scrummy!
"i don't know where to find them, but i do know that those were awesome books. i learned to draw cat from one of those books!! good luck on finding them!"
search and contact the state of texas website and find the official alamo website.. . they both have link to historical group that could help you.
"i always wondered why muslim woman wear scarfs. thanks for the information, i know a lot of woman in my college that wear one, but i have always too scared to ask and hurt their feelings. i respect any religion.can i ask you something when muslim see woman from other religion and the woman don't wear a scarf, do muslim assume that that woman is evil, or muslim also respect other religions?"
firemen! there not out to arrest anyone! plus they are always in great shape and hot and sweaty!
because it's just sexier that way. don't question it.
"dog are their most beloved pets, they are friendly and loyal to them. dog are smart, cute, dog can guard your house, protect you in some accident (like in movies), etc. so even thinking of eating dog is a disgusting idea, they can't stand it."
"the town tampines is so named because in the 1900s a large forest of tampines tree were located at the present site. the name wa derived from the malay name of the ""riau ironwood"" tree which grew abundantly in the area."
she ha fetish of getting rapped or molested. she like cruel and brutal sex. it nothing but her fantasy which she want to enact so do a she want and tell her something of your own fantasy which you want to do with her believe me both of you will touch a new peak of orgasm
in teh year 1516 a ninja killed a pirate.. . ever since then the pirate have been wary of the eveil ninja
3 parts. part from the god. part from ourselves. part from the evil
"that sound like a cliche. you haven't met many women, have you?"
"any kind of weird smell that liquid pick up from the freezer are usually from the surrounding food stored in there. ice cube made from home freezer are usually exposed to the content inside, so the smell from all the food stored in there seeps in and thus the yucky smell. i recommend making your own ice cube with filtered water, then after they freeze, quickly store them in a plastic container to keep odor out."
"try hand pressing the paper a much a possible, then place a pillow case over the sheet of paper. then on low heat try to press with a steam iron, check an area of the paper that ha no ink if it is safely not burning or scorching the paper then proceed, but keep a watchful eye on this endeavor."
the word of god is clear that the power to heal or cast out devil come only from almighty god and the laying on of hand is merely an obedience to the instruction of god's word .. i have observed miriculous healing by this mean but it is required that the person or person laying on of hand understands that they must be free of sin in their life and must be in complience with the wor dof god for the lord to honor their actions.
10-33 emergency radio traffic only . . check out the link below for all codes...
"not sure if sweden ha that many black program (programs that are hidden from the public eye a to not attract attention, such a the stealth bomber wa in the us). i suppose you would have to have some kind of security clearance and go through a very thorough background check."
"yes, last week i quoted the joker from batman.a muslim tried to convert me,after i said i'm only laughing on the outside.my smile is just skin deep. if you could see inside i'm really crying. you might join me for a weep. and others wanted me to stop hating america so.all i said was, decent people shouldn't live here they'd be happier someplace elts."
"once metal is painted, then it ha to be continually touched up and repainted and becomes a costly maintenance item, and not an easy place to build a scaffold. whereas leaving the metal bare will last and retain it's look for a very long time."
it is a hill in meggido and the place where the troop will meet at the beginning of the battle at the end of times. it used to be a very important place to control if you wanted to control trade.. . that is all
philosopher and seer have been asking that for all time. greater mind than those here have come up with many idea and thoughts. what doe it mean to you? that is the best approach.
because they are very lazy. they really don't think that it hurt the environment or animals. :(
"hot, hot and very hot including humid and muggy....... welcome to mexico gringos...................... enjoy and sweat the fat away....................."
"the meaning of life is your own definition that you want to give it. if you are a pessimist, then your life's meaning will be a pessimist, etc..."
once again.....so that you cannot see how stupid this question is!!!
not sure what you mean. how come you keep asking them if they are parasites?
a fluffernutter is one of the best sandwich ever - peanut butter and marshmallow fluff on white bread. tastey goodness.
"how confident are you?? start believing in yourself, give yourself credit for any action taken, irrespective how small, set obtainable goal for yourself,and trust that you can achieve them good luck!"
"011-33-1, then the number. the zero before the 1 is used only if calling from inside france.. to call from paris is 011, area code then phone number."
"cool whip, cream cheeses, and sliced peachers. pour honey over the whole thing. put in freezer about 10 minute befoer serving."
"they should seem similar, mary is just a dim copy of brigid.. brigid wa actually a goddess, and where we get the word ""bride."" she wa transformed later into a saint when those who worshiped her wouldn't let go of her."
"someone who feel they ""were born in the wrong body"" is someone who feel like they are the wrong gender, that they are a man in a woman's body, or vice versa. homosexuality is being attracted to the same sex."
"the student centre at your school should know... the student council or the student travel centre if there is one.. . otherwise, you can buy one at ""id"" shop in some cities... dodgy but they work."
"maybe if you knew more data about him...but like this...as the previous guy said, his name is wquite common...you might go on hungarian chat line and ask around, but you must share some more info about him. i would gladly help..."
"you need to understand that currently with the liberal bent in the medium and the entertainment industry if you are american, white, or male you are the villan. and if you stick up for yourself then you are labeled a a biggot or a a white supremist or a a male shovenist pig or a a homophobe, or a a american elitest or a a.... you get the idea. people are tired of being beat up for saying what they belive in. typically those issuing the label do such in a way that it is pretty difficult to defend against."
"i like black berry flavor but thats no available here either. man, maybe i am living in the wrong place..............just kidding. . my second best is mango and or coconut flavor and thats always available here."
"bureau of u.s. citizenship and immigration service (uscis) . official site includes link to immigration forms, law and regulations, and field office information. formerly known a the immigration and naturalization service (ins)."
from what i know nothing can take it's place in cookies. they will be flat and runny in the oven if you don't use it. . for baking power 1 teaspoon can = 1/2 teaspoon tarter + 1/4 teaspoon baking soda but no vise versa
"germ reproduce so fast that eveolutionary change (occured by genetic variation that may be helpful of bad). elephants, however, take two year to be born, and even longer to become sexually mature, so eveolution cannot be seen a fast. no, there is no godly way to explain this. only scientific."
"a free mind is one which is emptied of dogma of all sorts. francis bacon ha classified dogma into four types: some are within the individual human person, some are peculiar to the human species, some come from the market place and some come from 'authoritative' person or texts. a free mind doe not cling to any view, nor doe it cancel out any without reason."
"dear jstrat,. . i like to put grape nut cereal on my ice cream."
"we all change...it's up to u how...some dont forgive others so they grow old and bitter, angry and very negitive towards life. others learn from their mistake and improve themselves and grow old happy and content. still others make no effort so they just grow old."
the same reason why we created reality tv. god is getting his inexpensive daily dose of drama and amusement while watching being inferior to him run around and make arses out of themselves.
"in my humble opinion, i believe that gold is no big deal to god - gold is to god what pavement is to us.. . it's beautiful, but to god, no big deal. you can have all the gold in the world - practice today by collecting leaf - that's about how much the gold will be worth, because there will be so much of it in abundance."
"i would agree with the previous answer. but i would also add that, in addition to being written by an american author, that the story should be quintessentially american in that the setting or character reflect american locales, values, culture, etc. the story should also be relevant, meaningful, and interesting to future reader for a long time to come, that's really what defines a classic."
nope. fresh rice is best. people just use old rice because frying it is a way to use the leftovers.
"go to the page below, print out the application, fill it out, and send (take) the completed application to the closest passport agency.. . you might want to check into visa also....some country require them and you will need to send your passport to them to obtain one.. . hope this helps."
"ex1: if the number you want to reach is, for example in taipei city--(02)2555-1212 where (02) is the city code, then you should dial: 011-886-2-2555-1212 from hawaii or anywhere in the us. note that the city code 02 is truncated to 2.. ex2: to dial a cell phone# 0938-555-666, you should dial 011-886-938-555-666. note that the 0938 is truncated to 938."
"friend i think, it's the episode where joey say he's not wearing underwear and ha to put on a rented tux. he says, i don't want to go commando in another man's fatigues."
this actually is based on a true story. in old england a young scholar wa reading a book under a tree and eating an apple when a wild boar (pig) charged him. he threw the book and the apple at the boar to stop from being dinner himself and the boar got the apple in his mouth and choked. the cook then took the boar a is and roasted it...apple and all.... and a new tradition wa begun.
because they are trully freakin losers. i had an ex like that
"we do it that way because that is what the roman did. . january is named for janus, the god that look forward and backward."
"the bible focus on spiritual matters, not the physical world. that's why it doesn't mention so many thing that would be of interest (for example, the trade route known at the various tmes the book were written; population figures; manner of dress, etc.)."
ethic is a somewhat broader term than morals. ethic refers to the branch of philosophy which look at thing like good and evil and morality. moral in contrast refers to a person belief about what is good and bad. so you might say he ha a christian morality or he his a moral nihilist.
people are judgemental and can be so rude and hurtful. just pick yourself up and surround yourself with positive people who will like you for being yourself.
homosexuality is around to stay. in some country it is legal for gay marriages. why would you make it a crime? explain your reasoning for asking this question.
"enough oil to coat the bottom of the pot -- do not drown the kernals in the oil. also, make sure you put a lid on the pot and keep it moving back and forth on your burner."
"vanta (=""to lack"") . . word of old norse origin that have entered the english language"
"there's culture that do consider a kiss just a important a intercourse. i think it's different because the part that go together for intercourse are fit for one another, they're like puzzle piece and they make up a whole of something and that just sound a lot more important than two of the same thing meeting and messing around."
a sperm bank is a place where men go to sell their sperm. and then it is sold again to woman who want a baby but not neccessarily a physical partner or to a couple who cant have kids.
"""no"" idea never heard of it. u might be comming from moon"
"similar to u citizenship requirements.... . first pick the country you want to live in. once you have arrived there, go to the proper office (usually the town hall in a small city or the main police office in a larger one), and request a resident permit, at the same time ask how long you have to live there before becoming a citizen of the country (usually it is a minimum of 5 year residence in the same place, but these law sometimes change, so check it out at the office where you fill out the forms).. and different country may have slightly different requirements."
"there's lot to do in dallas, it just depends on what you're looking for. there are several lake surrounding dallas such a white rock, lake lewisville, lake ray hubbard, etc. there's also several clubs/bars in addison/lower greenville/downtown/uptown area...museums, theme parks, zoo, aquarium and much more"
their taste and their ingredient and the way they are made!!
"ok k then, the summer of the monkeys. did you like the clique"
"it would actually be much easier to use adobe illustrator to create this kind of graphic. if you can get illustrator use the circular shape tool, and other shape to make basic cartoons. also, working with type in illustrator is much more efficient. search ""basic drawing adobe illustrator tutorial"" or substitute ""photoshop"" and see what you get."
"the real meaning of hindutava is ... living the way of hindu (living in harmony)....even if the religious faith is different.. . thus hindutava expects christian and muslim to live in india peacefully, with hindus...respecting their faiths...not taking direction from vatican or saudi arabia"
read the truth. it's found in the bible. god holy word. everything we will ever need in our lifetime is found in the bible.
unfortunately in this society sex sell - sex is a natural process and feeling for human being because god made the provision for a married husband and wife to share exclusively - however because society ha clued in that we are sexual being it us a distorted view to exploit something that wa meant to be pure and chaste shared only between a man & wife that have committed themselves to one another - it's really ironic that you aksed the question because sex is advertised everywhere but no one seems to understand why the teenage pregnancy rate is at an alarming high rate...or that std are being spread at a ridiculous rate...go figure. society ha love confused with lust which defined is fulfilling a legitimate need in an illegitimate way. hope this help
i have a friend who is a missionary to brazil. they have a cashew tree in their yard. they eat the fruit and also make juice from the fruit. the center which contains the nut ha to be processed correctly or the acid will kill you.
"i did call it ""football"" in my post, numbnuts. and i even threw in ""futbol"" a well. just because you can't come up with a decent answer, don't come name-calling on me.. . oh, and ""lo han"" is a fruit that is used a a natural sweetener in chinese food and beverages, and a a natural medicine."
because they had not really established themselves a a party. they had very few idea for government and based their electioneering on being anti-communist. also though the german had been treated very badly at the treaty of versailles this had only just happened and the german people didn't realise what huge reparation they were going to have to pay nor how badly their economy would be hit.
"not true. some d&ds in singapore are real black tie events. it all depends on the company's culture. of course in singapore, where dressing up for ball and dinner is rather rare, company are hesitant to do a high key event, with the risk of the staff not turning up just becos they dun have clothes to wear."
"this is called seizing..... chocolate is sugar fat and flavoring nothing that is truly ""wet"" . when you add water or alcohol (both in vanilla) it completely mess up the balance between the ""dry"" ingredient you can add more moisture (ie: heavy cream) and make a ganache but you'll never get it back to pure chocolate. if you want to avoid this in the future use vanilla powder or any flavoring oil not extract or tincture."
"the left side is logical and rational. if this get messed up through trauma, you would have problem with language and simple processes."
credit report can help you with that. or go to whitepages.com and u can search too.
i've had lot of funny thing happen. most recent wa when i decided to lick my friend face instead of kiss it.... he had just put aftershave on and i didn't know and i wa nearly sick and tasted it all day even after brushing my teeth and using mouthwash 3 times!!!
i call chocolate - chocolate. candy i call sweets.. . anyone who is american is referred to a a yank in britain.
i wa born heterosexual. i cannot help being attracted to women. please do not condemn me for that.
"that's a darn good question. where did you move to?. if you want space, clean air, love the outdoors, fishing, hunting, camping, hiking and no waiting - move back!"
"g'day mate. we are from oregon, usa, and it's spring, finally. hope you don't mind u borrowing the sun for a bit. you can have it back in december."
it work very well with the right application or experiment. . reading training or reaction time for example.
"god really exists. i find it so relieving that he can scoff at all our attempt to put limit on him simply because those limit apply, to some extent, to us."
"if you have a welder, just build a box with a lid and a grate. if you're asking how to smoke meat, put it on the grill a far away from the heat a possible, put some hickory chip or something on the briquets, leave it there for about 12 hours. need to cook real slow, like 175 degree"
"sound like the teaser they were giving for ""the davinci code"" by dan brown. good movie, and i've heard good thing about the book but havn't read it yet"
"because al evolved, he is a descendant, doesn't necessarily mean jim_darwin ha to die. ohhhhh! i see what you mean."
"monoglycerides and diglycerides are common food additive used to blend together certain ingredients, such a oil and water, which would not otherwise blend well. the commercial source may be either animal (cow- or hog-derived) or vegetable, and they may be synthetically made a well. they are often found in bakery products, beverages, ice cream, chewing gum, shortening, whipped toppings, margarine, and confections."
"the meaning of life is to ask.... . ""what is the meaning of life!"". . smile"
"the history of the universe in 100 word or le listed below (quantum fluctuation, inflation, expansion, etc.) is copyright 1999 by eric schulman (me). it wa based on the chapter title of my 1999 book, a briefer history of time."
well i used to masterbate... now i just answer these questions! :p
"very simple how to remove it. become christian and believe in the lord jesus christ. no spell, demon, witch, warlock can cross the blood of jesus. you become his and under his protection forever."
that is a tough one. pray hard about it and god will give you the word to say. rely totally on him for it.
"there is a true god, who ha a many definition a there are people - and then there is a biblical god jehovah, who wa an ancient desert-people deity of storm and thunder who later became elevated to the god of the jews. few people ever consider the idea that the genuine ""creator"" or ""almighty"" is only seen in tiny, rare glimpse in the bible. the real god is in truth and science, and in the highest level of human logic and understanding. christian do a disservice to the true god by believing all the mythology about hellfire and the wrath of jehovah, but christianity is a religion a much about mindless obedience born out of fear a it is about salvation and love."
"adelaide is mid-winter in july so it's pretty cold, a bit rainy (general winter conditions), it's not a cold a the more mountainous area of australia though.. darwin only ha two seasons- wet and dry -this is because the temperature only really varies between about 14-34 degree celcius here, but in the wet season (oct-may) we get monsoon rain and the humidity soar to over 90%, which many people find unbearable. in contast the dry season typically ha little rain, much lower humidity and the temp are at the lower end of the scale which most people find comfortable in shirts/shorts - some of u local might break out a jacket on a cool evening though."
it is a shorcut to say : in shaa allah...: isa. . it is common between -us- arab to use these shortcut in net chating or msn or sm msgs.
"he wa referring to people who converted from judaism. they were trying to force jewish tradition onto christian that did not have a jewish background.. . he did not say that converted jew could not practice their traditions, nor that they could not teach gentile (non-jews) these traditions. but he said not to force these tradition on gentile a a requirement for being a christian."
"that's why sometimes if someone asks my religion...i am often hesitant to answer ""christian""...i don't agree with views...and a lot of christian will say that i am not christian because of this...i do not see anything wrong with being gay...i think some people hide there small, unaccepting mind behind a veil of religion just a others hide behind sheets.. . **oh, boy am i going to be hated on here."
"it's full of gravity,stars,gasses,rocks,. planets, and it go on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on.... and... all that jazz"
"because the term white people cover so many countries, even those not in europe. also, they do not tend to want to single them self out like that. they are just happy with the term american. my ethnicity is chinese, but when asked what i am, i always say american."
"they don't realize they are being rude and obnoxious. they are taught, sometimes from childhood, that it is their duty to 'get the word out' any way they can. they actually believe if they could somehow force you to listen, convert you, they would be saving your soul--and, incidentally, making heaven point for themselves. it is mild fanaticism--at least the christian don't usually become violent."
"due to your own karma. . now what is karma, if u dont know you dont deserve to know"
i guess it's because many christian believe in restricting other people's choice to suit their beliefs.. . why can't we all just stick to our own conviction and let god sort u out?
"i don't know, but it's pissed me off a well. i have tried jd single barrel...it's pricey, but good and 90 proof...a bit strong in the finish, but tht's b/c it's a single barrel variety...if you want smooth, i like maker mark, but the best i haver had was...santori(?) it's some japanese one (it wa used in the movie lost in translation with bill murry)....it's the best i've had......."
"supernatural, metaphysical and what not...i think people have different reason for believing them but my gut feeling is that nature is so incredibly amazing and beautiful (like you said) that it surpasses the worldliness that we are saturated in in these times; thus, one cannot help but be moved by something so deep, so profound and so fundamental in nature that one may be inclined to seek the source of this beauty. i think that's where people look towards that which is beyond our corporeal border and the limit of scientific explanation for what we feel is sometimes so strong that we know there isn't always an explanation for it...but those are just my opinions.... . good question."
i have not seen anyone accuse you of being a christian. did i miss somthing?
"because god gave u and the angel free will. the tree of knowledge wa a test for u humans, and because adam and eve disobeyed god they failed the test and we suffer the consequence of that original sin. if adam and eve would have obeyed god, we would not have to die. sin lead to death, but jesus offer eternal life in heaven to those who follow him and keep his commandment and to sinner if they repent and honestly try not to sin again."
"i think both. graffiti is art is expression, which is beautiful;. however, painting graffiti on property that doe not belong to you is a crime called vandalism."
"a little bit like lobster, but mild. they're slightly chewy. really very good with melted butter."
"prima donna. it mean that a person is the type thats concerned with themselves, and feel that normal rule dont apply to them, because they're more important than normal ppl."
"get absolutely stinking drunk! you wont remember the flight, or the trip to the hotel, and probably not the first noght. but at least you wont get scared."
it depends on the kind of sprinkle. you can always just grind candy or chocolate...
"dear xent: i remember a brief mention of this theory. it go that human were originally one unified sex, but that some god split u up into twos, so we go nut all of our life trying to find the ""missing half"" of us."
"it mean 'further beyond' in latin. in the context of the coat of arm if spain it mean beyond the strait of gibraltar, referring to the america and the former spanish territories."
"1. the man's left hand holding the lady's right hand,. 2. the lady's left hand resting on the top of the man's right upper arm (behind the arm in the tango),. 3. the man's right hand placed on the left shoulder blade on the back of the lady.. 4. the lady's left elbow rest on the man's right elbow,. 5. the right area of the chest of each partner touch that of the other."
"myself, i'd always heard it, and grown up with the pronunciation like ""riv-ee-era"" with the i being a short sound.. . not sure about the difference in pronunciations, but that's not to say that perhaps there aren't...i mean, look at arkansas. everyone in kansa say ar-kan-saw, while seemingly the rest of the nation say it ar-kansas..."
"a soon a i connect the call (seeing it's a telemarketer, ""unknown number"" or unwanted call from the caller id) i hit the mute button and let the call sit there until they hang up. they usually use automated calling systems, so they don't have the ability to hit redial or call you back, so it generally provides at least a brief reprieve, without having to get into any debate. don't believe that the national do not call registry take care of them all-generally there is some fine print in your contract and agreement such that if you are even one day late, or take advantage of a ""special offer"", you've unwittingly given them permission to annoy you. the registry worked for me for maybe 6 months, and now they're back with a vengenance."
"add paint thinner like terpenoid or terpentine, some people also add damar varnish, but it is not recommended by all people.. i usually make a mixture of 2 part linseed oil and one part terpenoid and keep it in sealed containeer."
"are they? overgeneralising people always get you wrong. a couple friend of mine actually said that they found blonde are too up to themselves, co they get lot of attention...... you and my friend are on two end of a pole, both wrong though."
"the whole quram is a copy cat from the christian bible. he wa a sinner,pedophile and false prophet"
"they say lemon juice. just put some in and mix it up. or there is some stuff you can buy called ""fruit fresh""."
"there is an old superstition that many folks, even non-christian folks, follow about keeping a bible in each bedroom of the house to prevent folk dying in their sleep. missionary used to hand them out, even to folk who couldn't read, and folk would look at them a some sort of charm and use them accordingly. this one stuck pretty well. it may, or may not, have something to do with it."
"seattle weather condition are always changing, but generally you can expect daytime temp in the high 70's and evening in the 60's. bring an umbrella."
priyal is a surname.... . no meaning for this word..
because isreal is agod damn state! plaestine is the country the invaded and made a state in!! they live on blood and if i had a chance i would go beet up the prime minister. i am muslim but all kidz in mu class agree with me except for tha stupid jewish idiot ben sagerman!
it just mean you are very much aware of yourself and therefore of what you want. i think it's a good thing.. . just don't go overboard and become a bit too picky like myself or you'll end up rejecting everybody and not having any personal relationship (as well a possibly contracting a mild form of obsessive compulsive disorder - like myself).
why do you keep asking this question? you're getting answer on the other 2 time you've asked.
"gelatin is a plain thickener, agar agar is a thickener that is very high in fiber. also, gelatin thickens slowly (think of how long jello take to thicken) whereas agar agar thickens quickly, usually in le than a minute."
"pudding is a *sweet* dessert, usually containing flour or a cereal product, that ha been boiled, steamed, or baked. . . a custard is a dish consisting of milk, eggs, flavoring, *and sometimes sugar*, boiled or baked until set."
mallorca - for european citizens. bahamas for u citizen
"the color spectrum is visible at different degree on the earth depending on how high the land is above sea level. if the sun light is on the horizon, and you are close to sea level you will see many red and yellow and different color"
"you know, some question just do not deserve an answer.. . you should be ashamed of yourself. i am for you..... . i hope someday you see the err of your ways...."
"well, i can understand what you're trying to say, except for the butt part, lol. yes, they are filthy pigs. i would never smoke."
"oh hell yes... and it is kinda tough, it's called 'ting xie'. a person read out the word and the other ha to write out the character of that word. it is hard in a sense that the person writing the character ha to listen to the correct pronunciation of a word and write it's character correctly. for example the word 'si' or four, if pronounced differently can mean die."
"red cross over white ha always been the english flag.. the other one is the uk flag.. scotland, wale and n.ireland have their own flag too."
ur personal decision is correct. since u address to allah first in the morning he ll make ur whole day good. sayin salaam will result in the addition of 90 good deed to ur aamaalname. and like a good muslim u should meet every muslim by saying salaam
when i wa poor i wa a good man and kept my opinion to my self and obeyed the law in fear of jail. now that i am wealthy i can buy my way out of almost anything . so i'm just a rude baste** and do what i want when i want . and i don't worry about anything anymore
"a far a i know there really is not much difference, ice is usually more pure and cleaner of the two substances. both of these are dangerous and should not be toyed with. if you value what you are today and what you could be in the future then don't even entertain the thought of trying this evil straight from hell life destroying shit!"
"men and woman sometimes act so different from one another, that it seems like they are from different planets.. . the planet mar (named after the roman god of war) ha traditionally been used to represent men, and the planet venus (named after the roman goddess of love) ha been used to represent women."
"well i wa good writer of poet and novel to, but now i write le because i don't have an right inspiration. just sometimes (for exemple when i'm sad or sth) i take a pencile and word come out of my head and there go my all soul and heart on peace of paper... but i can't write a poem when i whant to write, i write it when i have an insiration, wish to show the world how i fell about somthing, because i think that only with my heart i can see rightly.. so good luck and don't worry , you'll have an inspiration when you le expecting."
a snail is a hermaphrodite i.e. he is both male and female at one and the same time.
"it's basically the same a the story about the gingerbread man - a long drawn-out shaggy-dog story (the type that parent shy away from reading co kid love it but it bore adult out of their minds) which involves a repeating cycle of the initial character joining an ever-growing chain of other character who then tell the story over and over again to each new person that join in with the gingerbread-chasing or turnip pulling. a i remember, the huge turnip wa stuck in the ground and eventually a large enough collection of local yokel (or animal in some versions) is assmebled to pull it out, then they make soup or something (turnip soup - yuk) out of it. the moral of the story being...umm...society can't get it's turnip out of the ground unless they ""pull together"", or something. maybe the turnip represents communism, i dunno..."
"for the same reason others molest child and lie about it... . . and that last part is like asking if it's the american way to be an omnivore, some do it, others don't."
"lol, that's funny. you're allowed to risk getting someone pregnant (or getting pregnant, if you're female) or receiving/transferring sexually transmitted disease at 16, but you are not allowed to masturbate in the privacy of your own home to porn until you're 18.. . that's hilarious. and so retarded, lol."
"when making white wine, the peel are removed from the juice before fermentation. it is the peel or skin that impart the red color"
"it's controversial only because a bunch of people who have never seen the movie have been told by another bunch of people who have never seen the movie that it insult jesus and will lead them into a life of drugs, promiscuity, animal sacrifice and uncontrollable masturbation if they so much a catch a glimpse of the trailer.. . for most sane people however, there is no controversy."
"because many christian have been fairly ""sheltered"" compared to the rest of the world and thus tend to have a fairly narrow view of the rest of the world. i believe this can also apply to the lack of creativity. i come from a family such a this. good christian but not at all worldly or well informed."
"well, first of all, they are using abused chickens. second, they are apparently using oil to cook the chicken that is not good for you."
"i haven't heard of 333 meaning anything, but 666 and 777 do have meanings.. . 666 is commonly called the 'number of the beast/antichrist' 6 denotes man, and the triple denotes divinity, ergo the antichrist (a man who will set himself up a god).. . 777 in the same manner, denotes god, and the divinity of god.. . --for deathblooms: a score is 20, three-score being 60."
"to the best of my knowledge, they look, act, and talk the same, just like in the united states. they just go to different churches.. . the terrorist on both side of the political question are not christian at all.. . with love in christ."
"like redglory, i recommend the book, ""the bible code"". . the code is not something to predict with.. it could be used to show god's knowledge and power."
"any beverage with no gas in it is called flat. likewise if you open up a can of soda and leave it to stand overnight opened, it will lose all the gas and become flat."
"is this the one where the fossil date the rock, and the rock date the fossil? circular reasoning anyone?. . good question by the way :)"
"i take my burrito in a paper bag from a lady in a drive through after jesus make it special for me with asada and fries. o, and the code cheese come without saying."
"confused lot who dont know what they need, trive on trivial stuff ,and eat a lot of junk food,think themselves saviour of the world, but in reality creator of all confusion . i can prove it ...they have george bush a their president.elect..."
because it ha the petronas twin tower. it's a beautiful country. i have been there. my country is next to malaysia.
because she wa one and she feel a kinship with them?. or she doesn't want them writing about it?
i am sure in a couple of year you will be out from under your parents. i would wait till then to avoid a war at home. somethings are not worth it
"john 14:6 jesus said unto him, ""i am the way, the truth, and the lif. no man come to the father but by me""."
"to be true, the best time for intercourse (with the aim for reproduction) is in the early hour of the morning. thus it is natural for a woman to feel that men are hot in the morning. same is true for men also. men feel woman are hot in the morning."
"im mexican, i dont really look it so i dont get confused very often.. but here is what you need to know.. central america wa pretty much all one culture before the spanish came.. from yucatan (mexico ) to panama.. there were the mayans.. in central mexico there were aztec and similar cultures.. . people who live in these place can tell you the others are sooo different, and the way they talk.. soo different.. but in a way is the same difference a american say west and east coast people are so different.. . . but to offend people by calling them mexican when they are from guatemala is not because of their culture.. it because their national pride"
"zhubin: spear, swift. derived from sanskrit 'jubeen,' by way of hindi 'zubin'"
"sundeep is a popular indian name, derived from the epic mahabharatha. it is primarily used by men and woman from hindu or sikh backgrounds. there are a number of interpretations, but in the sikh tradition it mean light of the sun (sun + light), and it perhaps mean ""a lighted lamp"" or ""enlightened"" in sanskrit."
the link are to diagram of kabuki theatres. . . build it out of some strongish material... cardboard or foamcore.
"england is only a part of the united kingdom. the uk is composed of england, scotland, wales, northern ireland, plus dozen and dozen of isle (scilly, hebrides, isle of man, etc., some channel islands, etc. etc.), gibraltar, falklands....."
"dont know. my brother is a sheriff, and they just cannot look up stuff a a favor or they can get in trouble. gotta b official."
"i'm no expert, but usually bone get white by leaving them in the sun. i say lay it out somewhere sunny, let the little critter eat the rest of the flesh off, (maybe ants?) and let the sun dry them out and bleach them."
"bread made from enriched flour or containing federally prescribed amount of thiamin, riboflavin, iron, and niacin.. . these ingredient are destroyed by the bleaching process."
"you don't. if they allow other people to contact them, then their name will be a clickable link in their profile, and you can send them a message. still doesn't tell you their email though, it proxy it to them."
"cute, silly little rhyme for children, would be great illustrated and in book form. good luck with this. keep with the childrens writing."
"because the bar need a marketing gimmick to get people to stop in on their way home from work. if they give you 1/2 price drink and free food until you are toasted, you just might stay and drink all night - if not they at least had your wallet, i mean ""company"" for an hour or 2."
"be in meditating keeping mind of the god.. chanting manthras and harathis,. attending bhajans,. always in that devotional mood"
"could be genetics, upbringing, family, other issues.. . contact your local mental health department. make an appointment for an evaluation. they can do wonder with what you are going through."
"a an important historical figure??absotively posilutely. he is on the scale of great men like gandhi and mlk, except he became more important after his death and ha not been forgotten.. . i wonder if gandhi and mlk will be forgotten, i hope not"
"all aspect of quality (quality auditor, quality engineer, quality technician) are growing. anything in computers. there is always a shortage of good nursing personnel!"
i believe we were never meant to eat meat. we can survive quite happily and healthily without it.
because the lord couldn't make it purple even with a crew. and the cloud they drew look the best with a back ground of blue. even though they might've been just out of school.
"i like my egg totally cooked, over medium. with onion and pepper in them. and with hot sauce."
"sadly, your question neglect an important detail.... . ...the israelite were specifically allowed to choose either a lamb or a goat for passover, both in egypt and for later commemorations.. . (exodus 12:5) the sheep should prove to be sound, a male, a year old, for you. you may pick from the young ram [male sheep] or from the goats."
"you mean those new ""bowls"". i don't know, they look fatting and really disgusting."
"they understand vegetarianism, they just dont want to know about vegetarians. the answer you have received prof that.. they are ignorant to the fact of meat eating and cannot control their lust for eating meat.. it is inconceivable to them that we are herbivore and animal were not put on this earth for them to slaughter and eat.. cannibal will never understand, it is in their nature."
"a mission statement would include what your purpose is; how people will complete their purpose in being member of the group?. how is your group different from similar groups?. how would it differ from other group the youth might join - boy scouts, gangs, etc.?. when the youth finish with your group what have they attained?"
"woman are more expressive on what they feel and tend to let it out by screaming, laughing, or crying, or whatever... well a to men they more of like keeping their feeling to themselves. or if they do let it out, they do it the physical way like sport or work out and sturffs like that. that's why they dont scream a much a woman do..."
"it is different for each person, i get that for me (and i call it grounding), it is my conncection with my higher power, and connecting with the earth.... . how i ground is...i usually use music, something that is calming and i feel peace when i hear it...i imagine a tube at my foot or at the bottom of my spine if i am sitting, the i can flush all of my energy and judgment out of, then open the top of my head and fill my body with a bring light.... . when i am feeling peacful i think of affirmation that i wish to have in my life, and i declaire them, sometimes i do an exercise to balance my chakras...."
use splenda and half whole wheat flour. sorry i don't know the website. cut back on the icing and only use about half a much to ice the cake.
"in the hundred year war between england and france, the longbowman wa a feared combatant. any bowman captured by the french would have their drawing finger ie the first and second finger on their right hand cut off.. . therefore, bowman would give the french enemy the sign of two finger to show that they had not been captured and were capable of killing them"
"write down where you put it and hide the piece of paper somewhere else. that way, when your looking for it, you'll double your chance of finding it."
too many. that's why i bite right through the outside part to get to the tootsie part!
why u gotta be hatin'? not everything is in spanish.
"hospice is a newcomer to the health care industry. the hospice movement in the united state ha it root in the work of british physician dame cicely saunders and dr. elisabeth kubler-ross, who brought the subject of dying into the open. they explored way to improve the process of dying and shed light on the need of patient during this important passage. most importantly they brought awareness to the importance of patient a individual, unique human being with individual need and right deserving of respect."
"ignorance is bliss. the dumber you are, the happier you will be."
"she never swallowed a single piece of the poisonous apple. it got stuck in her throat on the way down and choked her. when the prince lifted her upper body to kiss her, he dislodged the piece and brought her back to life. of course, the kiss may just have been an added incentive for snow white to open her eyes."
"they are intermarried, that is the parent participate the arrangement of his/her daughter to someone close to their family member.that is same for malay traditional. the hindu invke lord ganesh,and also the holy fire which by law and traditional no hindu marriage is deemed complete unless in the presence of the sacred fire. giving away the bride to groom,tying the holy necklace and finally the bride will step on the stone"
put it in the freezer first for 10 minutes. no more tears!
"they are individiual letters.. . 1, 2, and 3 john have from earliest time been attributed to john the apostle, who wrote the fourth gospel. the content, style, and vocabulary seem to warrant the conclusion that these three epistle were addressed to the same reader a the gospel of john."
to check that the couple aren't related.. . obviously this is not followed throughout the usa
a pyrrhic victory is one achieved at too high a cost-not much. better than a defeat.
"ethic is your own personal ability to know what is right and wrong and how your innerself chooses to act in a certain situation . ethic come from with in you . moral are rule set by a group that determine the acceptable behavior with in a group , and this not necessary ha to be ethical , moral come from the people you interact with . a gay person can a ethical , a good human being but his behavior can be deemed unmoral and evil by the people that surround him , now if then the environment he is in is change to a different subject group then he will no longer be deemed unmoral , based on who he sleep with ,"
first stanza--that's all up to the individual. second stanza--it depends on ur tolerance level. third stanza--it all depends on ur moral stamen
depends on the religion. some religion like christianity are missionary faiths. it is part f the religion to gain converts. other faith aren't necessarily missionary.
"depends on whether you're cooking lamb chop or a roast. for lamb chops, i love them rubbed with garlic and rosemary, then cooked over high heat on the grill, but not too much - medium rare is just fine. for a leg of lamb, slow roasting in the oven is best. you should use a meat thermometer to make sure the temperature reach about 160 degree in the thickest part - about 20 minute a pound at 325 should do it."
easy way to smooth it out is to ice the cake and then dip the spatula in water and run over the iced cake. it will smooth it out to make it look even. make sure you have a paper towel handy a you may take some icing off.
i believe that wa rome and romans...i've never heard the turkish referred to a turkeys! lol! :)
"woman are more adept with emotional things. most people are more connected to their mothers. i believe that society, a a whole, hope that woman a mother will have a more powerful influence on the moral of their children. i think it is hoped that this will make a better world."
"musical are always hot. now throw in john travolta & olivia newton john...a good story line...a popular era in time (the 50's)...awsome characters...fast cars...close teenaged friends...and a high school setting.....you've got yourself a classic hit!. . i also loved ""jesus christ superstar""....""west side story""....and ""the wizard of oz""."
i evolved from nothing into a rock into a cell into a monkey man. yep infallible
"i'm only part asian so i guess i'm just only a little funny. we're funny cause we need the humor to help u get over the fact that we sometimes need to eat grasshoppers, raw fish, and live in this awful tropical heat."
"should have been called. ""chew on this crap nut forever"""
if youre looking forward to something by adding point on here you will be sorely disappointed.. the only thing to gain is knowledge.
"perhaps the people are standing perpendicular to each other, so you're cornered via the people, not the wall.. . or perhaps you're not cornered, but you're rounded, or how about, ""you're (g)rounded."""
the page after the title page (sometimes on the page before the table of contents) will have the date the book wa printed. if there is only one then it's a first edition.
"never heard of a jesusite, maybe you mean christian or jesuites, which are total end of the spectrum. in general though, people who ask question filled with generality that infere all of one type of people always do a certain behavior could possibly be limited in their knowledge of those who follow that certain philosophy of life. my suggestion to you is to get to know a lot more of these ""jesusites before making such an all encompassing presumption."
"i think the meaning of life is to find out about yourself and other people, and learn from your experience to grow and mature a a human being. it is why you wake up every day in the morning, instead of sleeping. it is why you go to work, to make a difference in some one else's life...."
u gotta sign up 4 account. . pretty much similar 2 yahoo answer .. is how u use it
"published mean that the artist's work is in print somehow. it doesn't mean that there is a biography of the artist; it mean that their artwork can be seen in a book, magazine, or otherwise duplicted through a publishing company. it can even be self-published."
because they can be. cooperate america doe not care about the consumer.
"thats a really good question! so many thing i would like to see from the past, might see my ancestor a i would like to know more about them. i think i would go to the future although it could be quite scary a i dont know what state our planet will be in. perhaps we wont even be here anymore."
"nope not all asians.......the mongolian have it and mostly south east asian have it....85% of people in india don't have it.....i guess indian and pakistani don't have small eye except people that live near the boarder (migrators from other countries). and exception always there, but rest of the asian they have small eye (90% of it)."
"they're both good in thier own way, depending on my mood. but usually i like the middle"
"because ""everyone else is doing it"" regardless of whether or not it's actually true. i think a lot of it is just peer pressure."
snob appeal! acrylic just came about in the 1960’s while oil painting have been around for centuries. i myself find no difference in the quality of an oil painting or an acrylic painting. acrylic paint can be just a rich looking and have nice texture a oils.
"cain's punishment wa to be marked, and made to wonder around, where no one could hurt or punish him for killing abel. he wa a fugitive and a vagabond. he had to actually work, where the land would not produce or yield anything for him.. . cain's actually punishment is to live with the guilt that he took his brother's life, everyday, no one could kill to take that misery away."
find a cause. u came to world to do something. u have no choice but to live. cheer
"often you can tell someone is lying by simple facial expression or movements, for example if someone look to the bottom left, they are remembering, if they look to the bottom right they are creating something. if they fidget, cant look you in the eye or touch their face or body at the moment of the statement, these are tells. biting lip, nervous gestures, stumbling speech, etc.. are also possibilities."
because teenager are going through change including having to wear deodrant and shower more and maybe some of them dont realize it. they dont realize there clothes are going to stink more if they were sweating or tooling around outside.
"it is my understanding that dust particle in the atmosphere cause the colour of a sunset. when the cloud are beautifully coloured, usually after you see the sun go past the horizon, it is a reflection of the sunset further west. hope that helped!"
"usually when you boil and drain the rice, it loses some of it's starch and doe not stick together.it ha to be like that.. . however, if you bake it ( after boil and drain ) in the oven or rice cooker it mold better."
i have never seen macguyver727's q&a.. but i must admit your q&a are some of the strangest i have ever read. maybe he find your q&a interesting and entertaining.
"i think unfortunately that the u government take a cynical view that people sometimes become mormon because of that u connection. i've heard of thing like that actually happening here in poland.... . anyway, the u immigration people are legally required to assume that everyone who applies for a visa to the state is trying to emigrate, so that if you want to get a non-immigrant visa, you have to be able to prove that you are going to go home when your time is up.. . and the thing about the temple is that there are other temple around the world, so that you don't have to go to the one in utah to fulfill the requirement of your religion, so that's another reason they don't feel any obligation to help you out..."
"i am sure that, like any other service industry, they talk smack about the rude one and clarify who the cool one are. they most likely talk crap about bad clothing etc too, because, well they are human and need some form of entertainment."
"it doesn't, except in a backwards, darwin-award sense when the bleating horde of inbred sheeple reach a critical mass, go on crusades, inquisition and the like, and kill each other off.. . even then, the collateral damage is horrific."
"because when you get what you want it'll be le then you expected. . it happens when we build up something in our head and maybe make them un realistic, imagine that it going to be this big huge amazing feeling but in the end it just is what it is, and nothing more."
"coke and pepsi obviously rule the beverage world. hence, they can sell their product to restaurant at a cheaper price. dr. pepper is it's own entity now so it is more expensive. sorry."
1-kids are on this site. 2-religious people are on this site. 3-those word are just against the rule
"keep up, dory! it wa the soul brother of the whale. it wa agrajag in another incarnation. book three and five for the details."
"negro mean ""black"" in the spanish, portuguese and ancient italian languages, being derived from the latin word niger of the same meaning. prior to the 1970s, it wa the dominant term for african americans; in the great majority of english-language context (except, depending on interpretation, it inclusion in the name of organisation founded when the term had currency), it is now considered either archaic or a slur."
"because they were so disciplined. and they had one another to ::ahem:: lean on during the cold, rainy night sleeping in the field"
"i never thought the bible is a myth...the bible is a book written by man, why should i base my life and belief on a book? just because it wa written a long time ago?"
"going to church is a something that is your decision and i dont think what others think about the church should be of any consequence to you. if you have a belief, u got to stand by it"
"one method of getting really tender, fall-off-the-bone ribs, is to boil them or pressure cook them in water with a couple of cup of vinegar. it help the meat to break down while it cooks. when they are starting to fall off the bone, take them adn place them on the grill over low heat and slather on your favorite sauce or add your favorite dry rub seasonings. this is the way my dad make them and it turn out perfect every time."
"i think the term you mean is 'splitting image' meaning to look like another person.. 'spitting image' is the name of a ridiculing puppet tv programme from the uk... . spitting = ridiculing/scathing.. . image= the puppet were caricature of politician & movie stars, etc."
"the same reason why when your under 16 driving seems so cool, and why you swear that you'll vote about all the real issues, but when you turn 18 you forget to vote. it's all about limitations, what you can and can't do. think about europeans, they don't have half a many drunk driving accidents, because there are no limitation ( they get to drink and drive a fast a they want because there are no speed limits)"
"spiritual atheism. i progressed to that point, and this make the most sense to me. i choose what i believe in and fit my belief into one big puzzle that fits. :-)"
"when honey crystallizes, just fill a medium sauce pan or large bowl with very hot water, put in you honey jar, and the crystal will melt. just let it sit for a while."
"the night before you plan to cook it, take it from the freezer and put it into the refrigerator.. this will allow it to warm up to refrigerator-temperature, without the bacterial growth that occurs when you warm it up to room temperature."
"hitler wa an idiot. he didn't care for gaining the russian for his cause. that would had made easier for him to win.. also, there wa the great distance to cover, the extreme cold and other factor"
who cares? i'm just glad they'll all die of cancer before i'm 50 and i can retire in peace.
"shortly after the turn of the last century,in the hill of tennessee,,,2 feuding families,,at odds with each other for a great many years, and finding out that 2 of the young-ins from opposing side had just secretly got married behind their backs, fought , what would be their last battle. at the end of the lengthy gun battle ,when the sheriff and other folk showed up to see what had happened,,,and finding a great many corps to sift through,,all related to the hatfields,,or the opposing mccoys,,but only the eldest still carrying the name of the original family..after trying to identify the body for hours,,finally turned over the body of a very old man,,,with no other way to identify him,,called upaun the neighboring hill folk,,,and with one look,,several exclaimed that's the real mccoy!!! him being the eldest of the mccoy family, and well known by all around,,the phase caught on and ha stuck with u still today."
"i can't believe how many people answered this one without knowing what they were talking about. i hope you were all joking.. . cannibal say human taste like pork. in fact, the slang term for human meat is ""long pig,"" and people who deal with corps for a living will tell you that a burned corpse either smell sickeningly bad, or else it smell like really good barbecue."
they are right. aid is the disease n hiv is the virus that cuases it. ... but whats that to do with psychology? :op
"those test don't necessarily mean you are smart. some people freeze up when taking test that really count, and some people cheat off of others to get those really high scores. i myself got a 28 on the act, and the reason i am a smart a i am is through hard work, the help of teachers, and the fact that my parent pushed me to succeed. and, did you mean literal?"
because that's the color the publisher of your particular dictionary chose. i have a dictionary with a red cover. they're not all blue.
opinion are not right or wrong if you are talking about something that can be proven wrong (like something scientific).. . for example some people believe the death penalty is right others wrong (which is neither) but if you say that the sun is blue then that would be wrong (since you have fact to say otherwise)
the mar bar wa introduced in the united state in 1936. it contained nougat and almond topped with caramel and covered with milk chocolate. it remained on the market until 2000 when it wa renamed the snicker almond bar. the chocolate bar that is known a the mar bar outside the usa is known a the milky way.
"the word come from persian/semitic roots:. . [persian qarbah, from arabic qarrba, big jug, from qarraba, to bring near, derived stem of qaruba, to be near. see qrb in semitic roots.]"
what do you think prayer amount to?. . magic is nothing more than an attempt to tap into some form of greater power.
"first thing you need to do is to learn to spell correctly! otherwise, you will fail miserably!"
"the afterlife (or life after death) is a generic term referring to a continuation of existence, typically spiritual and experiential, beyond this world, or after death. most religion have theory about the afterlife."
"i used it to start this huge fire on the beach that will be seen for hundred of miles, the whole royal navy will be here soon. :)"
did you want to give me 10 points? :). . vakuf in a turkish charity-like organization in bosnia-herzegovina.
"not gracefully heh. . these days, i think the best compromise between being 'proper' and 'reasonable' is to walk in first, then step to the side and hold the door open. if you try to hold the door open while staying outside, you end up getting in the way and being much more annoying than polite."
"pagan are early form of a religious belief in which the earth, and nature are revered for their ability to reproduce. many pagan group view sex a natural, and the maypole ceremony is actually worship of the phallus, or erect penis, planted in the fertile earth, being wound with ribbon to resemble the vein on it."
"sherlock holmes, dr. jekyl, harry potter, merlin, and peter pan. i realize my choice are rather eclectic at best, but they posse a sense of power a well a a sense of humbleness,even merlin. i find all of them quite interesting and would find an evening with them better than the best game of charades."
errmm................ can you make it clearer?????. . i can't make out what you are trying to say actually... . thank you.
"we like it taste and a many of u are vegetarian, we do not use animal fat.. . your name suggests you are an indian. but your question make it look like you were dropped from a ufo."
"there is no reason. it is just a wonderful ride, make the most of it, enjoy!"
i totally agree with you on the fact that driving is a privelege. i know a couple of people with duis and they just work the system and i also think it is about money because most people pay high dollar to get thier license back.
"maybe you got really drunk on margaritas, sat in the fridge to drink them and accidentally spilt some. since you were so drunk you don't remember this."
alot more than you think.... . most of our word are derived from european roots. most of our food is european based. most of the good rock and roll from the 70's were from a european country (england).
"i don't think india export a lot of her medicinal plants. i think those are mostly consumed within her borders. a far a seasoning go, which may be considered medicinal, these are exported in large quantity but i doubt this is really anything you are looking for."
"the word you're so desperately trying to use is ""who"".. . and i don't because i don't care enough to think about it."
"life ha no meaning, it is a state of being. the word ha meaning, but you must give it a context. philosophically, the question should be, ""what give life meaning?"""
"right now, wings. i just can't seem to get enough of fried pickle and wings. i just wish they weren't so expensive."
"it is supposed to be a hidden society high in the hill of tibet where they have these ""silver people"" who can jump over mountain amd run at the speed of like. sherpa have seen them and they come help you when you need it. their town is in the shape of a lotus flower and they are supposed to have supreme intelligence. if you are lucky to find it you will never return becuase you dont want to:)"
the saying is said to have originated from when people used to sleep on bed made that were supported by rope that were pulled tight before bedtime - hence sleep tight.. . i'm not entirely sure i believe that one though.
someone who is responsible.. maybe someone who ha been through many life experiences.. someone older.
i have given up beer for rum and diet coke with a splash of lime.. . a friend of mine mix crystal light lemonade with vodka
"give you a difficult time that you may truly earn the right. they may try to take you away from your belief or make it difficult, but when you make it through it make you more sound and strong in your faith."
"try to rethink the ideology behind the ego of the person.if it is problem specific, try to resolve. if person by nature is egoistic then it is quite difficult to convince, may be an elderly influential person should help to resolve."
"the 'stereotype' of woman being possessed moreso than men is because woman can be 'bred' with evil. it's all in the mind, i.e. people think evil will grow inside a woman, like 'evil spawn' ie. rosemary's baby."
okay! you are taking life to seriously if you don’t slow down you wont be around here for very long.
"i think teen pregnancy is a huge deal lately. i think that teen need to realize that sex should not just be about the physical act, but the emotion attached to it; however, it is unlikely to happen so i think that parent and teacher need to realize that teaching abstinence doe nothing and that they need to provide the teen with safe sex method and help to keep pregnancy from happening and std from being spread"
"""it all add up to lack of personal people skills, lack of tact, lack of good judgement, and a clear demonstration of lack of education and common sense, and proof of a foul mind."". . stfu. -.-"
these christian are confused about what they do like they say god is 3 but 1 why are you worrying about the pope he is also the same . . he is not married cause he think he is dedicated to god but now he is old anyway (these belief are against nature)
"the church have, for thousand of years, spouted that the bible say that the faithful must support their religion. people being a gullible a they are, believe this and pay extraordinary amount of money to the church thinking that they will be admitted to heaven for their good behavior. mind you the same bible bashers that ask for money don't mind bending child over for their own sexual gratification. i believe in god, but i don't believe in the depraved ranting of any religion"
"fortune 500 company push push push free formula at birth so the mother dry up, then she's forced to buy the expensive formula. it's all about capitali$m. it's sad, it truly is."
"get her done. get it done, in other words. finish all your projects."
"just one of those things. redional dialect is fascinating. we call them beany here, while canadian call them toques."
i wa too worried about y2k to celebrate anything. imagine that. it never even happened. thanks.
"we cannot know, we can only believe.. . and although there are bad thing happening in the world, life is not bad for everyone at all times. there are thing about life to be embraced and enjoyed."
"none, . ""folk' or (""volk"" in german) could be considered a white tribe if you are into that sort of thing but other than that no specific difference that relates to dance."
i've been both and can honestly say that being a buddhist ha made me calmer and more respectful of others. . negatives: none . positives: to many to count.
"i love high 5s! just like i love group hugs, pat on the head, and the peace sign. seriously. so gimme 5!"
they are more prone to predator on the ground & a theireyes on the side of their head they can keep watch on each other and cover a large area. if one see a threat and responds they can all take off pronto.
arrogance is when you boast about how good you are.. . confidence is action with out words. the i can do it attitude.
"sometimes i give them money-sometimes i don't.what i never do is to be rude .these are all human beings,no matter what their currant state is.and i will always look them in the eye.sure many of them want/need the money for drug or booze.but i doubt a single one them said when i grow up i want to be an addict . sometimes i have conversation with them and have been able to help in a meaningful way.some time i get cursed at.i still have hope for mankind that someday we can all work together and solve the issue that cause this in the first place."
"sunlight is important for a few reasons- so plant grow, for warmth, so we and the animal can see, certain biological process require sunlight. human produce vitamin d when they get some sunlight, and we get depressed if we don't get enough sunlight."
i have always like the story of the tortoise and the hare. i have learned that sometimes slow and steady is the best way to win the race.
"a soon a the egg are done, drain the hot water, crack the eggs, then cover them with cold water for a few minutes. the cold water will slip between the egg and the shell and make it easier to peel them."
"well.. keep it some place where the sun wont get to it. in a container of some kind too where the chocolate wont be moved too much, friction creates heat after all.. . m&m's would work good because they have a shell on them, and wont melt a easily."
how ironic? dontcha think? a little too ironic ...
"it is easier to avoid having to search for meaning when you can just blow it off with artifical statements. some people, only answer to accumulate point to ask question that people will answer in the same fashion a they did to earn points. a ridiculous cycle. stay the true course of this experiment, and fully answer question and that will continue to encourage others to do the same."
"margaret shortened to meg (british drop the 'r' in marg).. common british slang device to rhyme (see cockney rhyming slang), so you get meg-peg. that becomes shortened to peg. then the diminuitive -y at the end (traditionally used for children). peggy."
"without them, it would be utter chaos on the road. no one would know when to go, when to stop, what direction other people were going and there would be multiple car pileups. traffic rule are essential for well organized travel from point a to point b without extra danger."
probably made from sugar cane that isn't grown w/ chemical etc.... . and then not bleached...it'll probably be brownish in color
population control.....don't have more than 2 kids. besides lumber a lot a the forrest is destroyed for human habitat and farm to feed lot of people. good point ron
"do you know what ""genealogy"" means? it mean tracing your ancestors. this question doesn't belong here. thank you."
being the oldest christian religion it is there for people to attack. it happened to jesus too.
"daughter of henry viii and catherine of aragon who wa queen of england from 1553 to 1558; she wa the wife of philip ii of spain and when she restored roman catholicism to england many protestant were burned at the stake a heretic (1516-1558). synonyms: mary i, mary tudor, bloody mary"
u mean hiccup ? hold yr breath and drink water. swallow the water/liquid with the air u have been holding up. work all the time for me...u may have to drink twice or something coz sometimes just once doesn't help.
it's found at genesis 1:28. god want man to be happy and to take care of the earth and live forever in peaceful conditions.
because i have one friend...no life...and i'm totally bored! that clear it all up for you! lol.
"fundamentalist (self-proclaimed ""bible christians"") must take the bible a literal truth because that belief is the foundation of their ideology. if it can be shown that the bible is not the sole word of god, or that the bible contains untruth or errors, then their entire ideology and movement collapses."
america is a car culture. are you really sure that milk is all that healthy? i hear there's a lot of bovine (cow) hormone in it from injecting the cow to produce higher yields. yuck!
not lame at all.. i travel for work so i am usually one of those at the hotel bar by myself. it give me a chance to unwind and perhaps have some social interaction.
if you get more point you get to higher level which mean you. get to ask more question
making threat you never mean to keep. like saying to your child you will get sent to bed if !!! but never following it through soon they do not listen to a word you say
"according to wikipedia the cuban drink wa invented around 1900 in havana. ingredient are: rum, coke and lime. the cuba libre gained further popularity in the u.s. after the andrew sister recorded a song (in 1945) named after the drink's ingredients, ""rum and coca-cola."""
"i say it frequently to my wife. ""have you seen my car keys"". she seems to understand and generally point me to them."
"there's already an available form of that.. all you need to do is fill it up with the best of your knowledge and, honesty--- it important.... . good luck!c"",)"
you cant shoot them . but you can fleece them .. and everyone doe
"when i greet a nun, i address them a sister.. i once met a buddhist monk and when greeting him i bowed because in their culture it mean i honor the holiness in you."
"work until you have enough money to do it. it won't take all that long and you won't have to rely on anyone else. you might have to postpone the trip abroad for a little while, but you'll be working toward a goal and learning self-reliance."
"oriental dance--bellydance--has made me feel so much more confident. i feel graceful and beautiful. it make you feel like you can do something special, something mystical and enchanting that not a lot of other people do."
"there's always drugs.. i'm just kidding... seriously though, it really depends on what you're into, you could learn yoga, or belly dancing, take up painting, or some other art and crafts. a for a good book to read on your drive try stranger in a strange land by robert a. heinlein, it's pretty good... i don't even like science fiction and i thought this book rocked."
"send them a letter, describing the problem and threaten legal action if they do not remove you from the list. next time, don't give your name out unless you are actually trying to buy or reserve something."
"cooperation - janitor have the urinals, paper waste, floors, and the occassional projectile bodily fluids. garbage men have the solid and liquid waste. didn't you learn anything on mr. rodger's neighborhood?"
manifest: clearly apparent to the sight or understanding; obvious.. . i hope that helps.
"the bible doesn't mention a lot of thing that other text do. the apocrypha is the name of the collection of all text that were excluded from the bible. some of them would have been in the old testament (like some stuff by daniel), and some would have been in the new testament (like the gospel of judas). a lot of stuff ha been cut from the bible."
because nobody said life wa easy. without struggle you wouldn't become a better person. that's why you get so much obstacle in your way.
"i prefer the one ""give a man a fish, he eats for a day. teach a man to fish, and there go sunday."""
"in english, quasi is a term meaning partially. in the same way teenager are quasi adults. if somebody told you that, it an insult in my book. i would say that about the younger generation that think they know much more than u older one"
"if you get the history channel, check out a program called, ""banned from the bible"". it might help explain this. it is pretty complicated. let's just say, lot of thing have been lost in the translation."
have you ever heard the saying history repeat itself or learn from other people mistakes. if we don't learn history how can we possibly handle the future.
because you can answer 5 stupid question and get a best answer also therefor giving you 20 points. not like you can spend them on something nice for yourself anyways.
"they understand the concept of time the same way we do, they just have diffrent time zone so they have their time diffrent then us. what i mean by that is that while it 9 here it might be 4 there (not sure if thats the exact diffrence) because of the way the earth revolves around the sun."
ummm...nothing. . san antonio ha nothing...its really boring here...i suggest you just take a nap
well i think it nasty too. i think redhead are beautiful.
"catered to the ""news a entertainment"" crowd and those that thought/think that all the medium is a bunch of whiney liberals. they just swung the other way."
"umm, i dont associate with people who supply terrorist organization with money. (muslims)"
"typically you go to wherever the section 8 office is and ask them to provide you a list of apartments, homes, and other type housing that is approved by the section 8 office. those on the approved list still have to go through the section 8 inspection process, but normally if they are on the list, that mean they know the system and you spend le time tangled in red tape. you may even have the option of shopping around."
"i believe most of u see government and cultural change that we don't like, but we're complacent because our daily life are not much changed. however, i think we are inching toward oppressive law that both liberal and conservative will object to and people will finally wake up."
"the puritan (whom have now evolved into congregationalist) who where the first to leave england were, of course, purist. they felt that england wa becoming decadent and wanted to find a new place where they could worship their very stringent faith. the people of england were glad to see them go because they were real party poopers (there are even some account that they were forced out).. over time more people came to the new land for their own reason but that is why the puritan came."
hello..temptation is everywhere and varies from one to another..as i christian i do not need to defeat temptation..it's simmply not more stronger than my believe..my will..!!
"they are the seed that adhere to the bottom of the cahew apple that grows on the cashew tree. the shell contains a caustic resin and is used in industry for varnish and pesticides. the shell have to be carefully removed. i do not care, i love cahews."
i remember some girl on the mtv show next said she hated ugly people. she wa very good looking but she said she cant stand being around ugly people. that wa pretty low.
"simple demand (or more properly, lack of demand).. . since few people want the 8 ounce size, they sell le so must make more per unit sold. if they can't make enough to make it worth their while, they will simply quit making the smaller size altogether."
"the phil. jeepney emerge from the u army jeep used in ww2, becuase after the war manila lie in ruin and public transport is in disarray, tthe u jeep is used by military to build up the transportation system in the phil, alter long year it evolved it many way from six seater passenger in become 12 seater and the design have been change to it became a landmark in manila street still today you can see different style of jeepney transport plying in whole region in the phil."
"lot of reasons, but some of the origin go back to world war ii, when san francisco wa a deployment center for most of the military being sent into the pacific arena. gay men who reported for duty here were discharged very quickly rather than being shipped overseas. over the years, the socially and politically progressive culture here ha allowed the lgbt community to exist much more peacefully than in some other area of the country, so many have migrated here to live relatively free of persecution."
"first of all, it is the priory of sion. it wa a secret society consisting of modern thinker throughout the ages.its task wa to protect jesus' bloodline"
they do that in all kind of other things. it weird huh. usually you always get stuck with a lot of orange or grape.
"you're already in such a position, because each individual is bound up with everyone else. every little word and every action change the whole world, for better or worse."
"roman 3:23 for all have sinned, and come short of the glory of god. this verse describes you, me, and everybody."
"hey, white people like it too.. in fact, i had a shot of it this afternoon."
"if it arabic word so it mean hard , difficult .... . and we spelling it like thats sa'ab .... . good luck :)"
"it is the stupid belief that something bad will happen if you do a certain thing. examples: step on a crack, break your mother back; killing a cricket is bad luck; break a mirror and have 7 year bad luck; it's bad luck to walk under a ladder; it's bad luck to split a pole (meaning something passing between two people); the number 666 is bad luck....and i could go on forever with these.. . i think this stuff is just silly."
i can only speak for myself. i wa constantly told by my christian parent i wa no good. i never got one encouraging or positive word from them. so i left my parent and i left christianity and i found a better life.
"she is currently (may 2006) working on the third book in the trilogy. she doesn't know what it is going to be titled yet, winterlands possibly."
simple answer. it is a tactic used to keep potential threat at bay. would you want to get close to that?
2 burrito supremes with extra sour cream and no lettuce. &. 2 beef mexi-melts with no fiesta sauce
it mean that the person that you loved that had died is with jesus now in heaven and you miss them so much that you want to be there in heaven (home) with that person. so you have never wanted to be in heaven so bad until now and now you are homesick missing that person.... we played this song at my son blake funeral on april 21st of this year.
a pie eating contest?. . if you're trying to be smart about the great fire of london (1666) then it started in pudding lane and ended at pie corner!
get undressed; hop into bed with me; and we'll work it out in a flash!!!
"olive oil, parmesan cheese, fresh basil, pine nuts, and garlic blended to together to make a paste. very tasty, but strong due to raw garlic. eat it on bread or pasta, in egg dishes."
"because it's the liberal view to have the government take of them, not take care of one's self.. . it's a case of not be responsible for one's own actions. the dems believe the government owes them everything."
"it suposed to be ""natural"" i guess, but i'm with you, i don't particularly like kids, why would i have one on perpose?. . i'm told some people feel they have no meaning in their life if they don't have kids, they think they need to continue the legacy, pas on the family name/genes... personaly i think it mostly hormone messing with them."
"similar to onions, shallot are really flavorful addition to meals. i sometimes substitute them for onions. they're usually yellowish on the outside (like a yellow onion), but shaped more like garlic."
"hey, fox: you ask your friend. anyone who ha had anything published will be more than happy to tell you all about it."
"usually it is a problem with in . they need a n attitude adjustment, lol or therapy : p j/k"
"leonard is pissed off because western civilization ha dirtied it own nest and destroyed the beauty of earth. he insult the culture and break with it by saying ""what good is one last tree? you might a well shove it where the sun don't shine: right up your blindness."""
christian are successful and are very powerful in this world. other group of people want what we have but they know that inorder to get this kind of power they must convert and this is something they just will not do. so instead they have decided to unite against us.
"life is a test, it wouldn't be a very good one if it wa easy!. just my opinion. x"
speak to the person to see what caused all the unhappiness... if you think the person is unreasonable then it's their problem.they will come back to their sens when they cool down.. . no worry
"sin distance one from god...why would one voluntarily do that? yet, we all do."
"they belong to a different universe. they have no left the planet.. you don't expect the mayan to show his culture to spaniard that are so filthy and stupid.. mayan belong to the final group on atlantis, a well a the incas, tibetan or egyptians."
there something called choosing when you die. it called...oh whats that word....ummm....suicide.
"i'm not sure about jk rowlings reasons, but chocolate raise the endorphin level in your blood giving you a bit of a high. you feel happier after eating it. maybe that is why. to combat the dementor depression"
dont go.. . have a small party with your friends.
actually the christian god and the islamic god are the same entity . a both religion come originally from the same sources. abraham and all. jesus never intended to start a religion at all.
"different type of salads, meats,cheeses,veggies,mayo ,mustard, oils, lettuce,olives, tomatoes. let your imagination run wild, if you can dream it you can make it so."
sins. 1.he hurt another person.. 2.he harm another person.. punishment. 1.jail time.. 2.grounded by parents.
"""graph is not to scale"" is the standard phrase. you were close, though!"
"gouache (from the italian guazzo, ""water paint, splash"") is a type of paint consisting of pigment suspended in water. gouache differs from watercolour in that the particle are larger, the ratio of pigment to water is much higher, and the presence of an inert white pigment such a chalk. this make gouache heavier and more opaque, with greater reflective qualities.[1]"
"i guess because most people are right-handed, so you need to have the right hand/wrist/arm more free to move about and do various tasks! rather outdated, if you ask me!"
"because he love you and doesn’t want you to die.. . because even if you do hate him, you are his creation and he is not willing to loose you.. . but it is very perceptive of you to notice – most people answering the question obviously don’t understand the question yet."
hehe. sea chicken. i got this humorous picture of a chicken swimming underwater.
it can be done over generation by teaching kid the benifits of looking out for everyone and making a point of showing example of place run like that and how great it is. then the people that end up in charge won't get all greedy and ruin everyones life.
"i can give 2 reasons;. 1. communion is simply a representation of the flesh and blood. 2. whole wheat flour is more pure, it not bleached flour!"
"taurine (from taurus = bull, a it wa discovered in ox (bos taurus) bile) or 2-aminoethanesulfonic acid is an acidic chemical substance found in high abundance in the tissue of many animal (metazoa), especially sea animals. taurine is also found in plants, fungi, and some bacterial species, but in far le abundance."
'beautiful sack' - i freakin love it . . that is going to be my new band name. thanks & good luck trimmin the meat bags.
"because they're contradicting themselves,. just like they seem to do about almost everything.... my new political motto: can't wait til 2008."
cider is like soda -- all bubbly and carbonated. juice isn't bubbly..it's just regular
"you will be called many thing in life. jesus was.. . jesus christ the god almighty, love you.. . he love u all."
"go to the airline website, click on job opportunity and apply. no special license or training neccessary, the airline will train you. you must be weight/height proportionate and not exceed i believe 5'10"" but not sure on the height ... you also will be required to lift up to 50lbs comfortably over your head."
"down here in the south, men think vegetarian eat chicken. and just chicken can get boring. so they have to add bacon and barbecue."
cause they're the freakin me generation. that mean they only care about themselves.
"economist find that there is generally a trade-off between a society's wealth and it equality. the le people are forced to share with other people, the harder they will work. laissez faire capitalism tends to promote the greatest wealth for society, a measured by gdp, but lead to large disparity in income between the poor and the rich. communism, on the other hand, attempt to ensure relative equality among citizens, but result in a low standard of living for everyone."
"don s. . that is what the jew say about their messiah, yet you claim he ha already come and we didn't notice."
"alcohol dehydrates you by replacing the water in your blood. if you add extreme perspiration to this, it dehydrates you even more. you should drink water when you're in the sun a lot. drink alcohol in a nice cool, dark bar."
i think it's because alot of bible pusher here are vary arrogant and offensive. they don't do the religion justice by acting like the way they do.
stupid joke but it make me thirsty....guess i will go drink a bloddy mary. thanks for the idea!
"i would assume that they just inhale the flame of the candles... a breif, but deep inhale would cause the candle to be blown out... otherwise... it possible that baby dragon don't know any better - they may just torch cakes, like roasting marshmallows! mmmm - toasted cake!"
"i see spirituality a a way of thinking, a to say it beauty and meaning might differ for everybody. it is the ability to see everything from the level of our spirit.people are physical, mental, emotional, sexual, spiritual....all that in the same time."
pour about half of you cake mix into the pan next pour a layer of raspberry jam then pour the rest of your cake mix on top of the raspberry jam. make sure you let it cool real well after you take it out of the oven.
call the indonesian embassy and ask them for advice. . also call the local health department and ask them.
"the big deal about the date being 666 yesterday is because it is the number of the devil......in the bible, after the rapture of the church occurs everyone will be forced to get the mark of the beast, which is a sequence of three 6s. people who don' t have the mark will be killed, but anyone who doe have the mark doesn't have a chance of making it to heaven. if someone doesn't have the mark they will not be able to buy anything and it will be hard not to get the mark."
leave of bottle of hand cleaner on his/her desk. how's that for subtle?
"i have said the very same thing countless of times!... question & answer addressed to christian are mocked, degraded, disrespected purposely by non believers!.....most non believer come on this site just to be rude & disrespectful!........i'm glad other's are beginning to be aware of this treachery towards religious/spiritual people!...........thank you!"
someone might buy it off ebay. you get a lot of unknown artist work on it.
"cook them very fast under the broiler. if you cook them too long, they turn out like leather. remember: marinate, marinate, marinate! if you're new to cooking, just use a bottle of italian dressing, soak for at least an hour."
"the church ha a tradition of molesting and abusing child which go back centuries. maybe because there is nothing in the bible that specifically say harming child is wrong. in fact psalms:137:9 say happy shall he be, that taketh and dasheth thy little one against the stones."
i saw a tape with his presentation year ago and i can say that he wa somewhat entertaining. it would be easy for someone with limited access to scientific fact or somwhat limited eduacation to accept his story a being possible. for example he us the current rate of speed the earth is turning today and say we know once it wa spinning faster(which i believe is true) so therefore if the world wa billion of year old it would be spinning to fast to substain life....the problem here is that the rate of acceleration and deceleration is not a contant exponetial curve. people tend to like simple answer to complex problem and he seems to offer them that.
the being of time . adam and eve before . the temptation
"black a a pigment represents ""absorption of the visual spectrum."". . otherwise, black mean darkness."
"if you like historic stuff, check out ft. sumter and visit historic downtown. also, check out the ghost walk tour. those can be really fun if you have a good guide."
i like everyone unless they say or do something mean to me. :). then i pull out the can.....
art is beauty translated by whatever medium an artist chooses to use. :)
"a it is in the natural, so it is in the spiritual. just like in the natural world moth are drawn to a flame, so are atheist drawn to the light of christ. they flutter around the edge of it like a moth that keep banging it's head into a light bulb that's on in the dark. they know that there's something wonderful and desirable there but they just can't comprehend it."
"just about all bank atm's have cameras. you need to start the disputed charge and fraudulent activity process with your bank account or credit card company that the money came from. there are special procedure to go through and the sooner you do them, the sooner you will get your money back."
"christianity is the world largest religion, and in america this is even more true. you don't see muslim or taoist banging on people door in america. that make them the most likely topic in a religious debate and most people(unfortunately) have only versed themselves in christian ""truth""."
"yep, make sure the ratio of sugar and water is 1:1, for every one cup of sugar there should be one cup of water. let it cook over the stove until the sugar fully dissolve and then let it cool for a bit. make sure not to cook it too long or the syrup will just harden"
"lmao!!! a my fiancee says, he make up cuss word while watching baseball or hockey! i'm trying to figure that one out myself."
probably because there are question being asked. a lot of people find religion interesting and have opinion on the whole idea.
"there are lot of remedy people claim work. a burning candle near the onion, run it under water first, etc. what i have sometimes done is just wear swim goggles if it's really bad. i used to have a real problem, but i think i've gotten used to it, since it's gotten a lot better."
"water is wet because the molecule of water are loosely held together by the dipole intermolecular force of attraction. therefore, water can easily slide down your hand or into a cup, because of the fluidity of the molecules. this is what cause ""wetness""."
because they pretty much reject everything they don't like. using protection will slow down or prevent pregnancy a well a disease and they dont like it cause they are nutty.
i may get yelled at for this but.... . ...there is a freudian explanation that say that people are homophobic because they are surpressing their own erotic feeling towards the same sex.. . the other explanation is that they are narrow minded idiot ;-)
google earth is the only possibel way.. but shud need the professional paid version for you to get the arial view right into ur backyard.. or else go for the helicopter itself...
"just be honest and tell him, don't beat around the bush or wait till it too late. if he care or love you, he will respect what you have to say."
"yes, people lived about 30 to 40 year in those times. the emperor at least had a good time while he could. besides, not all of them were assasinated. august caesar, tiberius, vespasian, titus, nerva, trajanus, adrianus, antonino pius and marcus aurelius died of natural cause"
beer is a general category and lager is a sub-category of beer. lagering is a process in which the fermented beer is held for several week at cool temperature (35 to 40 deg f) . lagering will smooth out and mellow a beer and sometimes bring out more complex flavors.
just hit your refresh button and then resend your answer again. i have had to do it a couple time and it will work.
look what happened to dogs. you can't debunk magical thinking and belief system but you can try to make people think if you use rational argument consistently.
i'll give a shorter answer than the previous one.... . my parent live in sedona and also have a home in flagstaff (well south of the grand canyon). the fire haven't really impacted flagstaff's visibility so i would imagine the grand canyon is okay.
genealogy is the study of family history... not the same a g-e-n-e-t-i-c-s. go to the science section! go to a dairy farm! this isn't the right place for your question.. . thanks
"most of the baking powder have baking soda (bicarbonate of soda) and aluminum sulfate (an acid) and cornstarch.. the bitter taste you are detecting is from the aluminum sulfate.. . i don't know the proportion but it's probably 3 part baking soda to one part acid but you might try using 3 part baking soda and one part cream of tarter or lemon juice a a substitute to commercial brand baking powder.. . i'll have to try that out myself rather than give out blind advice, huh?"
it is a bed and breakfast and some of the same furniture is still there like the couch her father wa killed on. i saw it on the discovery channel or something. it is suppose to be haunted too.
no it's not real. it's only in that movie halloween 6.
"go to your local community center ask if they have exhibition - your local church or library. look to see if there is an artist association in you area and try and submit your work for acceptance, after you have down this make yourself a resume and enter contest in your state and out of it."
"well, you have 10 people who have now answered your question. happy?. peace."
chilli powder is pure and the packet have a little extra in it. sometimes you can find pure chili powder in packet too depending on where you go to shop and the brandname
you will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. you will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life. the purpose of life is a life of purpose. ^_^
"because even the scholar is much aware that life is temporary. so while it is enjoyed, the scholar must yet ponder what lie beyond it. is it better than the current, or not? that will all remain to be seen."
it is an order of the eastern star symbol and it is a women's auxilary (although male mason are also admitted) of the all-male freemasonry. they do charitable work and are open to female relative of freemasons.. . american co-masonry ha no women's auxilary because we admit woman and men to all right and privilege of the craft.
"your right it is unjustified but then when you look at every country playing in the world cup each country ha something back home that is unjust, homelessness, poverty, unemployment rate, bad health care, bad school system, high crime rates, low wage the list is endless.. . but the money that these footballer earn and the money being spent on the world cup is more important then paying fireman more money to do a dangerous job, or improving the health care system.. . what about pensioners.. . yeah the world is a funny place and people have some strange idea about priority's."
"you like mountain names, huh? how about shasta and rainier or summit?"
i'm not sure i agree with your claim. give some example of the country you mean for both or your illustrations.
"the meaning of life is whatever you make it. for me, it is loving my family and friend unconditionally and obeying the golden rule - do unto others a you would have them do unto you."
marijuana isn't so bad - better to be around a pot head than a drunk...guess the govt hasn't figured out how to make money off of it or it would be legal...i know people that have smoked more than 30 year and they are totally functional...just not on prozac or zoloft. ..and it doe ease the pain.
"i wa working at a hotel in a small town, when this guy i knew and didn't particularly like walked in with a girl and got a room. ten minute later his wife walked in looking for him. i wa bored, so i gave her the room number to liven thing up a bit. he wa a shitty tipper anyway."
i wanna be a sexy fanta girl!!! woo hoo!!!!! lol
and you are so much better than they are by stating these thing in this crude manner in an open forum?. . do you have the proof to back these allegation up with or is this just your opinion on how thing are in china?
~i am.. read ..................... ............ . (between). this.. gotcha.
"have faith and believe that what you prayed for is what your outcome will be. a the scripture says, ""faith is the substance of thing hope for, the evidence of thing not seen""."
"getting drunk is fun, unless you get too drunk. there are many degree of drunkenness. if you get to just the right degree life is more fun at the moment. and not everyone that get drunk get hangover or act like an idiot."
"we were taught evolution at school. that is like teaching islam in a catholic school, right? i am with you....and god."
"most race that have mixture of colour ahve them because in day of old they went out and conquered countires and created empires, or shipped load of people in from other country a slaves. china ha never done this, except for a few near countries, which have the same or similar racial characteristics,"
because they can focus better and work better having not been up drinking all night with other bachelors. :-)
"progressive agency and company for people that have le than perfect records. for example progressive insurance company are for people that have had a d.u.i conviction or have lost there license, there rate progressively get cheaper."
spell it correct before you conisder going. lot of good coke
a really close friend. not relationship-wise though. it kinda like gang-slag
they've got a great marketing team! you even see the ad on buses!
it happens every day. you learn to close the question really quickly when you realize they're just gonna spew the gospel at you.
easily. i am very spiritual but not a christian. being in touch with the universe and all thing doesn't mean you have to chose a religion. just meditate.
i would agree with hamtowngal. there are million of filipino living and working overseas and sending home box and box of clothing and gifts. they work very hard and live thousand of mile away from family so that the family can have a better life. any extra money they make also make it way back home.. god bless every one of them.
"hundred of thing have been found to violate the 14th amendment which ha been held to have the effect of, among other things, applying the guarantee of the bill of right to the states.. . segregation, anti-abortion laws, sodomy laws, and prayer in school are just some of the thing found to be unconstitutional based on the 14th amendment."
"a you chew, the sugar within the gum base is brought to the surface and a it come in contact with the saliva, it is dissolved. this sugar-saliva mixture is swallowed while the gum stay in your mouth and is eventually broken down into monosaccharide (mainly glucose) by the amylase secreted by your oral gland and is absorbed into cell a energy for cell respiration thanks to the insulin circulating through your bloodstream. and voilà; calorie are obtained."
by a box mix and follow the directions. they taste just about the same a homemade one anymore.
"make a list of thing you honestly like. then cross the thing off the list that are only there because it is what other people like. make a list of your personality traits, the one you know are yours, and work on discovering who you are and what you want to be-- for yourself, not for everyone else."
"angst is anxiety, usually for an unspecified reason.. . ennui is boredom or or lack of interest."
"i wonder if they have clothes on because a ghost is stuck between here and the next world. maybe it is an earthly thing and spirit haven't passed the whole way through. therefore, many ghost seem to be wearing the clothes they wore in life. interesting question."
"well, there are certain study trick that can improve test scores.. . i learned in my psych class last semester that on test days, you should sit in the same seat a you normally sit in class if you have any control of that because the familiarity of the surroundings enhances recall capabilities.. . also, people who study tend to be more self-confident before a test and therefore do better on test because they don't second-guess themselves."
she is the dominate male when two female get together to have sex.exhibiting stereotypically or exaggeratedly masculine trait or appearance. used especially of lesbian
they were taken off the market in 1976 and re-introduced in 1987. there were removed due to concern over red dye #2 causing cancer.
"every race ha it plus and minuses...... . what actually matter is that how an individual from that race ha managed by keeping all plus and minimizing minuses...... . and most importantly if u pre judge somebody, it would not be fair to them neither would make u opinionated for no good of ur"
"twinkle (made up of 2 syllables, sound like a and b when singing the abc song), twinkle (sounds like the c and d in the abc song), little (again ha 2 syllables, making it sound like the e and f) star (which is made up of onli a single syllable, sound like the g while singing the abc song)...this identical rhyme make it easier for child to recall their abc's because by teaching child song with the same tune, the tune would be drilled into their mind and this tune can then help them in reciting their abc's.. it quit like when we try to re-sing our fav. songs. we have to say the lyric in the same tune a tht of the song because that tends to help u with recalling the lyric of the song..."
"it is lit that is based on the working class. such a animal farm and 1984. both by george orwell. it talk about how the working class suffer, while the bourgeoisie, business owners, prey upon us."
oh my god you make so much sense i completely agree with you they have took over out country and moan about it and then think they fucking rule it the cunt let get rid of them evryone who not english go home oh and im not racist neitha im best mate with a black person and get on very well with some pakis but most pakis i don't get on with i'm a sociable peerson but they are not and then the fucking terrorist they live in the fucking country and then bomb it i live right near where those bomb went off in london and i expect they know they wa killing there own people stop terrorism and immigration!!!!
"spaghetti sauce is a generic term for just about any kind of tomato-based pasta sauce. marinara refers specifically to a sauce that contains no meat, only vegetables."
neither - take a stave and thrust yourself onto it and don't forget to video tape it so you can catch the demon coming out.. . then rip open your belly and remove by hand anything that doesn't look like it belongs . . write to me afterwords and tell me how you feel
i'm bi-sexual and alot of comment i receive is that straight people are more afraid of being hit on by gay people. the misconception is that all gay people are promiscuous and want everything walking. so not the case
nature put you here to breed. everything else ha been made up a we go along.
"that is funny that you asked this... because i just ate them for the first time!!!! it is ground up chicken made into a ball and breaded and deep fried. kind of like a salmon patty only it chiken... they are good... alittle mushy, but good... i think they have a few seasoning added in with the chicken."
"it is still winter in august in wellington, so we'll get the occasional cold frosty morning. but the day will be getting longer. temperature will range from 8 to 15 degree c, and the sun will shine at least a few day during the month. i got married in wellington in august and it wa a glorious day, weatherwise too!"
"if the character name are unique, do a yahoo search for the names..if not use multiple name together to format a group name search. should give a decent result"
agnostic belief that there is not enough evidence to either support or deny the existence of a diety. an athiest mean that they do not believe in the diety of the community god. this typically refers to the jcig (judaic christian islamic god) or any diety in general.
"being that nature ha two sides, male and female. and the joining of the two is the creation of nature. it only make sense that our spiritual well being are based on sex. it also represents a third of our brain."
"mainly the indian government of today doe not want to pursue this a it doe not consider itself a the heir to the mughal empire. in fact, if any government were likely to pursue this it would probably be either pakistan or bangladesh.. this is mainly a a result of the power of hindutva party in india."
"not sure of the context, but decibel maybe? (measure of sound volume)"
"if you mean ""tortellini"" and ""tortelloni"", it's only the size. anything that end ""ini"" is generally smaller."
not true. i bought a 1967 pontiac gto in 1999 that's appreciated 400%.
"it mean you should stay away from the lion king. kidding, but back on topic. i think that it mean that dispite your best warning sometimes people wont listen to you. all you can do is watch out for yourself and be ready with bandages."
the answer above by onerunningman is amazingly interesting.. . i doubt that his answer can be topped!
erm...bush? iraqi occupation!??...expect it to keep going up too...
"yep, deja vu. have you ever gone somewhere and thought 'i have been here before'. it is creepy, ha happened to me a few times."
"very dark blue (""midnight blue"" or ""cobalt blue""). many norwegian and a few people from the british isle have this eye color."
"a bodhisattva is someone on the way to buddha hood. a buddha in training, if you will."
it is viewed a different because of the sabbath - church on saturday and the original preparation of the second coming that sometimes go against the grain of mainstream thinking. the dietary goal may be interpreted a ritual instead of following the guideline of the bible. science hasshown in the last 30 year that the nutritional guideline by sda are sound advice to lower cholesterol and extend life.
"invite me over to your house, that's my favorite pie. i promise the pie won't make it long enough to get soggy, and if it doe i won't complain."
yes i sure have. i still wondering how some of them became the quickest. i swear that they would have been the slowest of them all.
it made to kill plant such a algae. it will hurt the plant but it probably wont kill them.
"sunlight is believed to affect the production of endorphins. these hormone play a role in giving u a sense of ""well-being"" and happiness. researcher are also studying the link between lack of sunlight and the affect on melatonin, serotonin and other hormone a well a the lack of sunlight and it affect on the body's circadian rhythms. so, if the lack of sunshine affect these hormone to produce a type of depression, sometimes called seasonal affective disorder, sunshine and the proper exposure to it, would reverse this and allow our body to produce these hormone naturally and give use the ""happy"" feelings."
truly a conundrum. but to be happy you have to be selfless. it won't make you rich it won't make you famous but it will make you a better person.
"order of pheonix, because it allowed harry to see that sometimes adult aren't there to help out when the student need it. it allows them to grow."
"they told me i might be expelled from ""yahoo answers"" because i posted a question that violated their terms. i read the term and i don't think my question wa in any way a violation. it wa about mascara! d u h"
ouija.. and it communication with spirits. sometimes it work sometimes it doesnt.. it depends on what you believe i guess.
"i don't really believe in the ""planting of ideas"" since when you are hypnotized you are fully aware of what you are doing. it's just helpful in getting the mind to unlock secret which even the person hypnotized doesn't know. that's how it psychologically linked, because it involves studying of the mind and behavior."
they just are so they can whine about all men being bad and cheating on them and then they can whine about there being no decent guy on this planet. i think they should give thier head a shake.
"celebrating this wonderful country and remembering all who have given their life for u to be free. thanking them and remembering them. having a cookout, goingto a parade, watching fireworks, being with family and friends, and just enjoying life. what are you doing for the 4th of july?"
"the main reason is this, the colder your badder, the more it will expand in the oil and stay light in texture. what make it light are all the water vapor cooking out of the badder a it cooks(all that frying sound). a soon a it hit the hot oil it shocked and the water vapor expand!. also try to u ""cold club soda"" instead of water, you will get a better finished product.. hope this helps................."
red union think it is an ethnic slur if you call them purple. (they are really sensitive vegetables...
"some people are mean, others just want a reaction, and still others just don't get harry and his friends. try to ignore them. they aren't worth the time."
"art deco wa a movement in decorative art that also affected architecture. it derived it name from the world's fair held in paris in 1925, formally titled the exposition internationale de art décoratifs et industriels modernes, which showcased french luxury good and reassured the world that paris remained the international center of style."
"amen. reverse racism sucks. i know, i lived with it for 22 years. people think white people have it all - not in the south, they don't."
"the right stuff that parent tell their teenager always fall on deaf ear because teenager are rebellious, clueless and naive. how could they believe that alcohol is bad when most adult drink it like water...etc."
"the ironic part is that the bible says, . . ""judge not, lest ye be judged"". ""remove the plank from thine own eye, before removing the splinter from another"""
me! i hate that i think they r nasty and they get on my nerve omg that so gross! ew! i almost wanna slap them!
we think we can defy god and ignore his way and then we wonder why thing don't go well. all we have to do is follow his ways.
we (i'm assuming you're talking about humans) were never monkeys. sorry.
how? smart marketing folk found that there wa a market for it. why? older folk haven't lost their sens of humor...we love maxine.
"yes, there are private (non-public) weekend school affiliated with mosques. since there is a significant moslem population even in predominantely orthodox regions, there are mosque there a well (for example, tatar is the third biggest ethnic group in moscow, i believe)."
i have to admit that i'm guilty of that. it's just a easy to see the good side.
why italian who were speaking latin today they don't know this ancient language?. is called modernization by assimilation of other language
transgendered mean the person themselves belief that they were born into a body which is the biological opposite of their gender identity. what anyone else think of them is irrelevant.
"do yourself a favor, and take the time to draw outside of the anime box a well. then, integrate your outward influence into your anime work. most of the anime thats out there now is very formulaic, and doesnt leave a lot of space for individuality, but when you think of your favorite anime, i bet the art ha little difference that set it apart. so, dont just be the same, take the time to learn to draw in a more lifelike way, and maybe a more traditional comic form, then mix with your anime stuff."
i doesn't discredit my marriage. however when i wa writing that it just hit me...the christian right winger don't want gay to think that they are equal to them. i couldn't figure out why everyone wa gettin their panty in a bunch.
"before alcohol exit your system , it circulate in your blood stream and affect you central nervous system. impair your brian."
there is this wonderful thing called the internet. you can do research for your trip there
truth is i am answering your question.. . reality is i am just relaxing and killing time for now.
"a geek (pronunciation /gi:k/ ) is a person who is fascinated, perhaps obsessively, by obscure or very specific area of knowledge and imagination. geek may not always have the same meaning a the term nerd (see nerd for a discussion of the disputed relation between the terms)."
my great-grandmother died from alzheimer's and it effect on her.... so i won't say that it a completely funny subject.. the silliest place she ever put anything wa her glass in the freezer.
dude.. that used to happen to me all the time when i would work food service. i would come home and smell all sort of funky. now i smell like chocolate or vanilla or sometimes even strawberry. i work in an ice cream factory... but smelling like nasty milk is not very appealing either.
i chose mine because i like the age of chivalry. i know i could never be the knight sir galahad wa supposed to be but that's what we should aspire to.... right? reach for the stars? k because i like for people to know where i'm from.... in a physical sense and in a morale sense.
"direct call: 1-242, then the seven digit number.. with a card follow the instruction of the operator. remember the area code is 242."
"when substituting a solid fat, such a butter with a liquid one (vegetable oil) or vice versa, adversely affect the taste or the texture of your recipe. melted butter cannot be substituted with a liquid fat because butter contains milk solid which set after the recipe ha baked and cooled; oil doesn't. the rule of thumb is to substitute one solid fat for another (ie: butter for shortening), and oil with another oil (vegetable oil for canola oil). that's because when a fat is solid, it act differently in a baking recipe than a fat that's liquid."
are you testing us?. . islam is a complete way of life.
"the new york city street is pronounced house-ton. while the city in texas in pronounced a hews-ton. the city is named after sam houston and i believe there are alternative spelling of that name like huston, and that is why it pronounced in that manner."
in some state some brank branch are open.. . and the atm's are 24/7 (automated banking)
"ab crunch for the mind. the perennial question tend to be the one which are the most intricate and resistant to easy answers, and one with long history of debate to study, argue with and learn from."
"concept is mostly defined a an idea, like life begin at conception. when there is nothing but a concept about life."
"the more important issue is , what is the result of such relation:. 1- ""short life"" marriage.. 2- cheating from both sides.. 3- disintegrated families.. 4- lost children. 5- no satisfaction in sex, so they look for abnormal act of sex...etc."
it's the travel version of the board game version monopoly. all the piece are magnetic along with the board so you can play in a bumpy car
"i don't know, but after i tried it, i-sore, too!. . (kidding)"
"the warm weather is probably significantly easier on old bone than, say, the mildly cold and definitely wet pacific northwest. also, just the fact that it ha drawn so many retiree likely draw more, because a big population of your own demographic is appealing; there's probably more social etc thing in florida catering to an older population than anywhere else, so there's more choice in what to do, where to eat, who to hang out with, where to live, etc etc"
"going back about five year from sociology 101... i think more are thing that are simply accepted by a society a right and wrong. law are actually formal and are enforced by authority like government, police, etc."
"i can't tell if you mean native american indians, or people from india or of indian descent, but i like them both. ;)"
"i pay property taxes, but my garbage is not picked up. i have to take it to the dump myself or pay someone to.. . i think that sucks!"
why did it take me almost 2 hour wasted on here to get to your question? only one hour...your doing good! get off before your sucked up
chocolates.... they are actually so gr8. so chocolate and chocolate with a great hug and smile is the best gift for a frendship. surely u will rejoice.
lemon and lime are not the same thing. if you are getting lime without seed it because they have been bred that way and are using cutting to produce new trees. we used to be able to get lemon like that in ca.
"the weather in aruba is a pretty constant, around 80 to 82 degree year-round. i have a friend who wa there last september and said it wa beautiful. the rainy season start around october."
"laziness, i guess. it seems parent do le parenting these day by working too much and leave other people to burden the responsiblity of raising their kids."
"there is fat in milk because milk is supposed to have fat. not from the food they eat. the fat and nutrient that is in the milk is also made for the baby cow.. also, man add to the milk which make it more fattening."
"because, the homeless bum on the corner ha a funny sign to read! lol"
gargoyle were used to protect a home from evil spirits. usually the gargoyle statue wa put on the entrance of the home.
"after freezing and scraping, work a dab of peanut butter into the area. once it's loosened,really work in some liquid laundry detergent or a grease cutter such a dawn on with a toothbrush to get out the oil from the peanutter butter. launder immediatly, but don't put in the dryer until you check that it's all out. repeat if needed, but you probably won't have to."
anybody who's fanatic ha something to prove! fanatic are confused and never happy with themselves. they need something to be obsessed with.
"because they are hypocrites, i am not that religious, but i hate when people try to show everybody how they follow some religion so good, when they are not even close to that. those people don't have any character or personality."
"on some night half of me sleep on the floor and the other half sleep on about 1/8 of a crib mattress laid on the floor. my son sleep on the other 7/8s.. . gee, can't figure out why my back hurt so much."
"wow, this wa the first time i had heard of leonard peltier and i read up on him, all i can say the american government should be ashamed of themselfs . let him go"
"invisible monsters. and from the review i read of haunted, his book have been going downhilll. i didn't think diary wa so great, either. i thought it wa a weak effort from a writer i know can be brilliant."
"with every door that close another will open, it's our choice or not whether to take that chance to walk through the door to see what is the other side. we won't know what is the other side but are we better people for taking that chance to see what is there or are we stupid for not taking the chance?. you have to want to take the chance and it mean that you have to be brave enough to take the that step into the unknown by walking through the door. we never know what is round the corner but it make u stronger by having the courage to take chance"
do you mean taps? the song played with the bugle?
"because they were invented in hamburg, germany. they are related to german flat sausage recipes."
"well basically milk doesn't help the mucus that's already in your nasal passages/throat. you know how sometimes when you drink milk you can kind of feel like it line your throat, kind of make it gunky or something? that's why it can hinder your ability to sing."
"it use to be that way...i know i wasnt blessed with a fat a55..but it doe seem that ""most"" black when have junk int he trunk.....good eatin..down south..but lately...white girl got a55!!! so...who knows."
if it were me i'd tune into pb when they broadcast this old house and ask this old house. you might try their website a well. those guy are pretty bright.
"why are you asking this question again ""auentes2513""? didn't like the answer you got?"
"good question! the party is just starting, and we're going until monday, baby! we showed the yank what were made of back in the day, 1867 life on in infamy."
if you're gay and she's homophobic then she's not your friend anyway. why on earth would you pick her to talk to?
the exchange rate. if you are from europe do all your shopping in the states. you get more for your money
"while proper name often have equivalent in another language, they are not normally translated. if your name is glen, it is glen regardless of the language used."
"read some good short-story authors, write about something you know and are passionate about. just sit down and let the language flow!"
"go to the individual airline website for the best rates. they'll probably be cheaper or the same than those discount site but you'll have more control over seats, flight times, etc. also if you call the airlines, you may be able to negotiate a better rate, flight, etc."
"there is this switch thing that turn the light off when the door close and push down on it. i've pushed it down with the door wa open, and the light went off, so thats how i know."
"dog pound, but you would be better hiring a person.... sorry... i am being obtuse"
"me: spanish (catalan), italian, chinese, indian (tamil), polish, austrian, french, english and caribbean! cool, huh? ;-)"
"nobody know for sure, and if they tell you they do, they are lying, are on drugs, or have been hit in the head really hard. there are those who have been supposedly brought back from the dead and relate all sort of heavenly situations, but i am still doubtful. why worry about such thing anyway? live your life one day at a time and think about now, not before and not after a that is all that matters."
"gremolata (or gremolada) is a traditional accompaniment to the italian dish osso buco (veal shanks). typically, gremolata contains garlic, parsley and grated lemon peel. it may also be eaten a an accompaniment to beef in guinness, buttered noodle and green beans."
"not me, i am more interested in ice cream. try not to make these hasty generalizations, huh? doesnt sound very smart."
it's faith-based and many people have lost faith...or never had it to begin with. there were time that i thought i might loose faith but i feel such a sense of clarity when i pray for my family and friend i know it can't be wrong.
"a pre-dinner drink, a oopose to a digestif which is for after dinner.. . a good aperitif is one that stimulates the palate to increase appetite. nothing bloating like a beer."
"do you mean building stuff, or freemasons? i have no idea what you mean, so i can't explain it, so i'll just put two link down and hope one is the one you want."
"because we're just monkey with big brains. we were created to be hunter-gatherers, to spend our life picking berry and chasing after wild pig with pointy sticks.. . we were not designed to live in a complex technological society, and a you can see, we're not at all good at it."
"it mean that some gave a low blow. i havent quite answered that have i. it mean that someone, hypothetically, while in an altercation with someone else, a man, swung and hit the man in the groin depilitating him. it is referred to meaning that someone isnt playing quite fair."
"hold your head up, keep eye contact with people, smile a lot, speak confidently. don't seem to easily scared or flustered."
england = one country.. great britain = england + scotland + wales. united kingdon = great britain + northern ireland
there is a secret factory run by chicken millionaire whose sole aim in life is to dominate the earth by making everything taste of chicken. they even make chicken taste of chicken.
"your eye are the window to your soul and your personality is the expression of your soul.. . a with all things, those who have eye to see will perceive your soul (meaning those who are sensitive and attuned to the subtlities of people's personalities). the rest will be the poorer for not being able to see."
"the philippine wa named in honor of philip ii, the king of spain, in the second half of the sixteenth century. felipinas, the spanish word for the philippines, wa first used in 1543 by the spanish explorer, ruy lopez de villalobos, to refer to the island of samar and leyte, but later on it wa applied to the entire archipelago. since then the island have dazzled and inspired colonizer and visitors, who have coined various title and passage to capture it mysticism and beauty. a spanish missionary called the philippine the ""pearl of the orient sea"", a title which wa in turn popularized by apolinario mabini and dr. jose p. rizal, the country's national hero, in their revolutionary writing in the late nineteenth century."
"actually, the word ""rajah"" mean ""king"".. . the word ""rajan"" mean ""royal"" or ""kingly""."
it depends on how to like them. i usually take a skillet and put a couple of egg in it and put it on medium heat. and then put some milk in it and then chesse and just kinda mix it up till it look good.
i think it ha do with the color rather than the amount in each package. next time you see one of these packages- count how many color are in it- i'm sure you'll find six different color in each package.
because jeery farwell would come out and say it is a purple tella_tubby in disguise and he is gay. hahahahaha
"well it's a scientific fact that white people smell like dogs, black smell like poop and asian smell like rice. that's actually in the encyclonepedia brittanical--look it up."
"find their picture and put in the blank space in between picture ""ha! i wrote in your crack!"""
"it is very easy. the metro will take you strait there, you pay i think 6 or 7 euros. then it will cost you about 32 euro per adult to get into the park."
"that's how they get the work visa to bring their family to the us.. there is a shortage of qualified doctor in the us, so the government actually recruit doctor overseas, especially in asia.. same with nurse and school teachers."
do you mean why is it in good shape or in bad shape? it's actually in very good shape considering that human are running it. we could do better and most of u are trying. it just often appears to be in bad shape because too many of u dwell only on the negative.
a career is something you hope you're doing for a long time. a job is hopefully temporary.
"wine is wine...made from grapes. beer is beer...made from oat and barley. spirits...is everything else alcohol tequila, vodka, rum, scotch....etc."
god loved the world so much that he sent his son to die for you. jesus died so the world could be saved. jesus then proved his divinity when he rose from the dead.
"it's spurred by an honest admiration of the other sex, a feeling of inadequacy when it come to your own body...in term of gender, not features. really, it's a feeling like you're stuck in the wrong body."
try adding a teaspoon of honey to your tea. that should help
why did you add jesus to the end? curious.
"ogopogo is a mythical monster that is supposed to live in lake okanagan, british columbia, canada. similar to the lock ness monster. i believe that it is just a very large sturgeon fish."
i don't think they would refuse any one who had a rudimentary understanding of buddhism and could make the elder of the monastery believe that you had an altruistic motivation for wanting to become a monk.. . with compassion. geoffrey
"miss is a title for a woman who is unmarried, and is usually used with woman that have never been married.. . ms. is an indefinite title for a woman who's marital status is unknown. it wa introduced by the feminist movement in the 1960's by woman who felt that they should be known for something other than who they were married to."
"travel thru jordan to aqaba. take a ferry across to sinai. the fastest way, thru israel, might be problematic if you're traveling on a syrian passport."
for being hateful. thats what i heard. something about nasty comment or snide remark
"it a way of explaining that different ppl have different preferences, and that we dont all agree.usually used when talking about paintings. but, it like thig: i might think that short girl with blond hair that wear pink are cute, but my brother might think that tall girl with black hair and dark skin are cute (and we'd both be right, lol) but there not a ""correct"" answer. whats beautiful is for each person to decide for themselves. (and i think that all kind of woman are beautiful, thank god for variety)."
"experiencing death doe not scare me - i will do what i can to make sure it is the last thing i do - but i am not afraid.. . i don't want a long, painful death, but if that is what god ha planned for me, then i will accept it and take joy in some of the suffering that jesus experienced on the cross."
they want to make sure that when you open the packet........ u always smell the flavor (whethere or not it's the right one)........and the only way to make sure that you do so is u shake the packet & when u open it....u sneeze................lol!!!!!!
"arminian believe the five point are calvinist's understanding of jesus's doctrine the substitutionary atonement. calvinist argue that if christ take the punishment in the place of a particular sinner, that person must be saved since it would be unjust for him then to be condemned for the same sins. the definitive and binding nature of this ""satisfaction model"" ha led arminian to subscribe instead to the governmental theory of the atonement in which no particular sin or sinner are in view."
"the term ""post-feminist"" wa first used to differentiate between the period of rapid, feminist social change that happened in the late '60s and early '70s (during what wa called the 'second wave' of the women's movement) and the backlash that emerged against it in the early 1980s. it can also be used to refer to woman who believe in feminist principle but do not identify a feminist. many woman think ""feminism is dead,"" and ""post-feminism"" can refer to that idea, a well."
"if you're talking about a girl who may be attracted to you, she'll touch you. seriously, see if she reach out and touch your arm. it's a sure sign..."
"black have made many important contribution throughout history in science, medicine, law, athletics, and many other fields. in other words, it's not just the music."
"hmmm...this is a hard one...i think it all depends on where you want the tattoo, how detailed...etc.... . but here is a pretty simple pic...i dont know if you will like it or not.. here is also the website explaining it all. i hope this help or at least give you some ideas."
"actually, hot dog come in packsges of 10 and bun come in package of 8. they do it this way because the bun would expire before you could eat all of the hot dogs."
it will keep in the fridge for a couple of week (keep it tightly sealed). it doesn't freeze well. a vacuum-pack machine should work quite well.
"islam is the name of their religion, which mean to submit to god (god = allah in arabic). muslim are the follower of islam, or anyone who submits to the will of god. . you can't be an islam; you can be a muslim and believe in islam."
"a law in the philippine that enforced that school include in their curriculum the work of the philippines' national hero, jose p. rizal.. . ""on june 12, 1956, the congress of the philippine passed the rizal law, republic act no. 1425 which awakened greater interest on matter about rizal. the law provides that course on the life, work and writing of rizal particularly his novel the noli me tangere and el filibusterismo shall be included in the curriculum of all schools, college and universities."""
"an inhabitant of manchurian province of china.. . if you're referring to the movie ""manchurian candidate"", it wa the name of a corporation, manchurian global that brainwashes the soldier in the film."
serie 313 aquarelles is most likely identifies the type of paper. series 313 is probably about the quality. aquarelle is a word used a lot in water medium supplies. aquarelle: the french term for the process and product of painting in transparent watercolor.
"indeed you can. i have it on good authority that ibm is coming out with a ""godly"" keyboard just for the righteous of heart. among it many god-loving characteristic there is an ""amen"" key, a hot-key to a kjv bible index, psalm screen savers, and, get ready for this, software that prohibits you from taking the lord's name in vain a you write!"
it mean your mind is creating a mental image of a place you want to be. so whenever you dream your mind take you to this place over and over again.
"whichever one speaks to your heart and you believe. no one can tell you what path to wander, you have to find it yourself."
you want the picture to morph or you want them all on the same picture together. that requires morphing software.
"the word ""crack"" in old english is used to mean a moment in time. for example, ""i'll be with you in a crack."". . the crack of dawn literally means, the exact moment that the sun rise"
"14-21 day in advance is usually your best bet. no later tho, you might end up paying a lot more. sometimes you can find a cheaper flight at the last minute, but not always. your better off getting one sooner than later."
"because the heat is being transferred to the water. it will eventually melt, but the water is still taking in that energy."
"first, it's very offensive to call the deaf-blind, deaf, dumb, & blind.. . second, you can use the the deaf-blind manual alphabet, hand on signing (the deaf-blind person cup his or her hand over the signer to feel the shape and movement), and of course braille."
unlucky / not meant to be. star crossed lover are lover who fate keep from being together.
"because the art you have seen featuring jesus wa created by european or european descent artists. if you look at depiction of jesus by say, an asian or african artist, you will see that his image ha been changed to look more like the people of those areas.. . the idea being, i guess, that people want to see a face that is familiar to them. if the face look sort of like them, then they will like it more."
what doe that have to do with religion and spirituality? this should have gone in the politics forum.
"what? . is this a ""help me with my engineering job project or thesis before i get the boot"" question?"
"sicily wa the nastiest place i have ever been, and thats saying a lot considering i have been to the balkans, africa, and asia. there were open sewers, and old woman pitching pee out windows(they would yell before they did it), the place smelled like feces, pee, and foot sweat. the only bright spot wa the irish pub we found, where we found out that if you could see over the bar you were old enough to drink."
because it didn't go with what the people in charge wanted at the time. so they change thing around.
the best indicator of future behavior is past behavior. (dr. phil mcgraw's favorite saying). we study history to help u understand why certain government succeeded and why some failed. learning about the past can be used to our benefit to form the best future!
"of course it selfish but it the same way with country , football team and school . if we like it than it ha to be the best or else we wouldn't have chosen it or in the case of religion and country people are raised to believe they have to show pride . . pride isnt a bad thing in small amount it just help convince u that we made a good choice or are doing the right thing ."
"it not really bacon it called ham. there is no such thing a canadian bacon, they just call it ham."
"collard green are a type of green (duh), leafy plant (vegetable) that is used in southern cooking, usually simmered in a pot with chopped onion, hamhock, and various seasonings. the longer you cook them, the more tender and flavor-filled they become. i recommend trying them at least once...they are delicious when cooked right! you can eat them with just about anything, fried catfish, ham, turkey....and anything else you can imagine."
broccoli give u gas?. . i just thought that sweet potato and bean give u gas
"he's sad and lonely that there are so many happy, contented people and he's an unemployed, unloved, ignored wackjob creep with no friends.. . the negative response from people is better to him than no human interaction at all.. . kinda pathetic, really."
"the major reason wa the economic interest of the rural area of america were the opposite of the urban interests. for example a farmer want to receive the highest price for his wheat, but the urban dweller want the lowest price for a loaf of bread. the populist under presidential candidate james weaver in 1892 and wj bryan (also democratic candidate) in 1896,1900 and 1908 failed to relate to urban america, much a governor al smith in 1928 failed to catch on in america's farmlands."
"it's a way to receive unbiased opinions. whereby if they told their inner most feeling to their friends, the advice would probly be what they wanted to hear, instead of the truth."
"unfortunately, the online site all require a subscription to find out the hammer price (you can see, often, if they've sold, but not the amount.) annual auction record are printed up in a book called mayer's. it list work sold in a number of international auction house (not just sotheby's and christie's and philip and butterfields, but the smaller house in europe a well.) art price index is also a good place to go - and both of these you should be able to get at your local library."
"good question. just dont take thing the wrong way, and recgonize when someone is trying to take advantage of yuou. tell them in a nice way u are not interested, and try to get them to understand. most o it may b your thought not whats really happening."
not all mixed woman are hot just like not all white woman are hot and not all black woman are hot. this is a pretty sterotipical question man.
paraobola is defined a the locus of point p such that the distance from a line (called the directrix) to p is equal to the distance from p to a fixed point f (called the focus). parabola ha eccentricity e:=1.. . for detailed explanation go through the link below:
"it come from the jail house where they fitted the inmate w/ pant much too large, therefore exposing their underwear. these people, when released, would wear the same style around their hometown to let ppl know that their from jail and have served time. so, it became cool. or so i heard on vh1"
"of course not!,no matter how 'good' we are we could never elevate to the creator. god is the alpha and the omega"
"same reason we allow people to buy cars, poison, baseball bats, knives, fork and all other thing that can be deadly. be cuase they only cause death when used wrong or the person intends to do it. so gun are a safe a pee wee ball bat."
"why are you only attacking christians? it’s the same in all religions, they like to control you…"
fu chun (father) jeet (day) fai lok (happy). . mine's the best answer!
"where do your sock go when you lose them in the dryer...all a part of the mystery of life a we know it, or at least perceive it. who knows, maybe we aren't here...just another simulation running on the universal pc (powered by m i'm sure)."
"interesting name. i keep coming up with it, a well a the name, manwella, a anglicized variation of the spanish language name, ""manuela."" but i have no definitive proof of this.... guesswork."
of course it still exists. yes that wa a waste of your 5 point
"searching for answer about your creator help you to know why you are created and give meaning and purpose to the activity and choice in your life. otherwise, there ultimately is an empty feeling inside... you just wander from one exciting thing to another, and when the excitement passes, you get bored until the next little bit of excitement."
"sure, so you won't just let it drip, but you should excuse yourself from the table because others are trying to eat and that is gross and even if you aren't watching, you can hear it and that is also disgusting. why don't they leave? because they are too lazy, so they just do it right there on the spot."
"uh, yeah we can tell. don't worry son...someday you'll grow up and realize it really isn't a important a you thought it was."
"ok crackpot, catholic do not worship the virgin mary--they venerate her. they do not believe she ha the power of god, but they believe she ha special access to intercede on our behalf. since you asked the false question, you are the deceiver. i don't even believe in god, but i really am appalled at people who spread hate."
"low grade aren't just students, it's teacher too. perhaps these school are not paid a well a other school and therefore higher ""lesser"" employees. you get what you pay for."
u can change length & colour of skirt but not of sky!!!!!!!
i've wondered about that myself. it doe seem that they'd be in the ideal position to promote food safety of all kinds.
"easy....there is no god, the bible is the greatest comic book ever told !. . slim"
"the proper way is to put it in bottles. . and trow them in the garbage.. never in the sink because this will pollute the ocean etc,"
"i'm thinking, and i'm getting this from an old episode of little house on the prarie, mind you, that they had people who sold ice, and brought it around to anyone who could afford it. or, they just drank hot beer."
tell her that god is really hungry too. and he feed off of our nourishment. so he get his thanks from each bite we take for ourselves. so just look up and give him a thumb up and pig out!
"people tend to categorize thing to make their life le complicated. it's wrong, naive, and plain stupid but that's human nature for you. if you really think about it i'm sure you do it with some things."
"if you mean bricolage: something made or put together using whatever material happen to be available: “even the decor is a bricolage, a mix of this and that” . . [french, from bricole, trifle, from old french, catapult, from old italian briccola, of germanic origin.]"
"it is safe to say the koran doe not define allah because everyone in the region would have already known what it means.. . alilah, allah, allaah, etc."
"i agree with you. american think that we can bos around every one we please. we have a severe case of nationalism, and arrogance."
"the stone is a real possibility in the theoretical world. several of jk rowling's idea in her book are based off of real things, most notably locations. the stone is theoretically possible based upon the divine proportion or 1.618 which exist in all living things."
"if you never ask you never learn, if no-one answer there would be no point in asking, therefore you would never learn,. some question maybe ignorant but isn't this the point in any section of the yahoo question/answer page to enlighten the ignorant, misinformed and people just willing to learn.. . and you get point"
"narnia is a fantasy world created by c. s. lewis a a location for his chronicle of narnia, a series of seven fantasy novel for children.. . in narnia, animal can talk, mythical beast abound, and magic is common. the series track the story of narnia from it creation to it end, and especially the story of those humans, usually children, who enter the land from 'our world'."
"when wa it said he couldn't mate? it wa the apple damn it, not the sex."
take york road north to i 90 take i 90 towards chicago and then get off at river rd. go north and the cta train station is there.
"great question!. roman did not really invent anything! by the time, they were accepting greek issue and copied/ multiply them!. thus, roman god are the greek god with different names, although, even the name were greek, but not from the main dialect (ionic, etc.)"
temperature is a scientific measurement. heat is the human experience of how we experience that temperature.
wrong. the sun is closer to the earth in the winter and farther away in the summer. the ray in the summer hit directly on the earth and thats why it is so hot. in the winter the ray bounce off the moon before hitting the earth which make it colder even though it is closer.
"you say that phrase when you're making a promise or asked to keep a secret. you're basically saying that if you either share that secret or break that promise you are dooming you own life, so hopefully it's proving to the other person that you are dead serious (no pun intended) about not sharing that secret or breaking that promise..."
drunk already? it's only 1! god bless you girl!
indica is a cannabis of a variety obtained in india. it is a intoxicating mild euphoriant and hallucinogen.
"make one your self, steal it, beg for one, date someone who ha it and get it, buy it, ...or keeping hoping that you will find one in the dumpster. . . i dont really approve of stealing one though co it could lead to stealing something else."
to go forward with no regret and to love the feeling of living yey! thats it!. . and to die having fulfilled your dreams!
"deaf or 'hearing impaired' are both acceptable.. . 'hard of hearing' is someone who is not completely deaf and ha some hearing ability.. . by the way, i went to a deaf event recently and they said there would be an interpreter there for the signing-impaired (hearing people)."
"depends on what you mean by the term.... . but oftem this refers to an oriental style of monarchy. this is characterized by a secluded monarch, the establishment of the palace a center of the empire, and often deification of the monarch.. . however this can also apply to culture in general, philosophy, or literature (and many other areas)"
"yes, and soon all camera will be what we call video-the storage and speed will be on par with what we call ""photo"" now. you will need to look at a bunch of short clip to find that perfect image, instead of hopeing to ""catch"" it. or better yet make everyone say ""cheese""!"
"you can cook some sushi.... .if you roll the sushi, do not cut them yet, dip them in batter, then roll them in panko and fry them till they become golden brown... drain the excess oil by placing them on top of the kitchen towel...cut them into piece by using sharp knife.. . you might also wanna check the ""volcano roll""..where they bake the sushi.. . sashimi is the one that is eaten raw."
"try to find out why she's there and help her cross over. if that doesn't work, just try to close your eye ignore her."
fool they are. . it set up for jim_darwinism
"the end of september and the beginning of october are some of the best week of the year to visit la vega in term of weather. the average daytime temperature is in the upper 80 (96 is the average temperature for all of september, 82 is the average for october) and it is usually sunny with very little rain. of course the downside with good weather is that it brings out the crowd so expect higher price and longer line at just about everything. have fun!"
make a lemonade stand!. ooh yah baby plenty of profit
our brain associate color with the food because thats how we can have an idea of what it will taste like. if u see red and think of strawberry then yes you are expecting the food to taste like it ...until you try it !
transmission control protocol. it the protocol or set of instruction that every computer follow to transfer data from one computer to another so technichaly speaking every computer connected to the internet is following tcp to transfer data over the internet.
i think one need to have a certain level of intelligence to understand and appriciate the irony in some phrase or statements. the public in general doesn't tend to be intelligent enough to get most ironic statement and hence they're generally missed. hence why almost all comedic movie that make any appreciable amount of money are slapstick and low brow because that's what people understand and you usually only find the more sophisticated ironic theme in art film or the theatre these days.
"hello..both word have equal meaning,they refer to generally tomato sauce,seasoned with spices,and other ingredient like vinegar,etc. both word are right a spelling,the difference is only in their usage..we are more accostumed to use ""ketchup"",not ""catsup""..i think that if i utter distinctively ""catsup"" maybe nobody will grasp what i mean or just will tell that i make a joke..best of luck!!"
"they dont, they sound scottish!. . unless they're welsh people on holiday there????"
person with whom we have closely shared strife and happiness in previous life return to u again and again. soul mate are gift we give ourselves.
"ignorance. people often fear what is different. they are not open to diversity of life. if we were all the same, life would be boring..."
"telepathy is the ability to use your mind to read or influence the mind of others. however, a we are outside the realm of fiction here, there is no evidence that is it possible or that anybody is ecven capable of doing it. some people say that they can do it, but going on the evidence their claim are to be taken a a matter of faith."
"your question is unintelligent, insensitive and offensive.. 5 stars, nice work. lmao."
"i guess so you can read whats on it. you couldn't read it if it wa horizontal, and how would it stay on if it wa vertical. would they loop it between their legs? that would look pretty funny."
"please go slap whoever told you that....if there is proof that the child (no matter what it age) is being abused in any way shape or form, both parent can be charged. even if only one is doin the molesting."
joint photographic expert group. jpeg/jfif is the format most used for storing and transmitting photograph on the world wide web
"you already have the basic down. don't practice with others who are learning. get out in the world and talk, talk, talk, and listen, listen, listen. take a basic writing course at a community college to practice written language."
"age wa 16, but now it's 18 (despite what people may tell you). what time you can buy alcohol depends on the license of the premise and the rule of the local junta. most shop and supermarket sell a full range of booze, there aren't many dedicated off licenses.. . mahou, alhambra and cruzcampo are all good spanish beers, and way better than san miguel"
"it just their different way to pronounce anima . . anima mean ""mind, passion, courage, anger, spirit, feeling, living essence"" from a pie root *ane- ""to breathe"", whence also animal and animation."
"7/11 (or 7-eleven), pronounced seven eleven, is a convenient store where you can buy lot of thing and take back home. in fact, it provious branding of the store is ""speedee-mart"". it name wa changed by southland corporation in japan in 1991. initially, 7-eleven used to be open from 7am - 11pm which wa quite unprecedented at that time but now it is open 24 hour a day, 7 day a week."
"lower the resolution of the picture. if it's a 16 million colour picture, try lowering that to 256, if that isn't quite enought, lower it to 16. most program for photo manipulation have some method to do this.."
"checked with the state abc, jack daniel's green label is registered in new york, probably many store owner are unaware of this and don't order it because of low sales. (possibly?)"
read the four gospel in the new testament. they give many view of what christ wa like.
"i don't know about bannas, but my banana are brown-to-black when rotten, and brownish yellow with sick grey center inside. i don't turn any color at all because i won't eat them. i like mine slightly green only."
"phillip morris, huh? i have an idea for a better, healthier smoke.. all you have to do is get your seasoned relative to accidentally. drop some of their money into the pocket of washington's finest.. a new company will be born & all american happy."
it in our nature to try and be something were not and to try and show that were the best. in some people it more and in some people it less! if they think that they are better they want others to know or if they dont have friend they want some or in my case if these other people are into the same stuff and they are so cool i eant them to nkow that im cool too! hope this helps!
it a mystery no one knows.. . there is a lot of guess though.
"well, in catholicism, divorce is the inability on both part to work out the marriage and is widely not accepted purely because both refuse to make the marriage work. the annulment however, is a single person within the marriage had not intention from the beginning of the marriage to ever make the marriage work. in protestant churches, divorce is acceptable if it is because of unfaithfulness. annulment would then be the shared determination that the marriage will not work because of one's own personal belief and not the others."
some of u still do live by the natural rhythm of nature.myself included.. i think we started to turn away from this during the industrial revolution.also the invention of the clock and the lightbulb contributed to it.
"gelato is more like ice while ice cream is more like cream. actually, gelato doe contain milk (sometimes soy milk) and sugar that is super-cooled to break up ice crystal within. gelato doesn't contain cream.. . ice cream, on the other hand, is made from milk fat and solids, sugar, flavoring, a stabilizer (usually gelatin), and sometimes eggs, fruits, or nuts."
what the eye never see. and ear never heard
"well, i guess the answer would have to be the egg. the creature that laid the egg would not have been a chicken but something very genetically simular. the first chicken(s) would have had to have been a mutation from the original parents."
"you can!!!!!! i find some down here al the time!!!!!!!!! haave about 8 different place i can get dip-n-dots, just look around you and ask people."
"lololol yeah, me too.. . they could make me cheeseburgers.... . oh wait!. they already do."
"the dwindling lack of social skill brought about by our increasing use of communication and internet technology. how much face-to-face interaction do we have anymore to carry out our responsibility at work and at home? nearly all task of our daily life can be conducted via email, internet, im, etc. even though the world is becoming ""smaller"", we, a individuals, are becoming more isolated from one another."
"the oxford english dictionary indicates that the phrase ha been used for about 300 year to refer to measurement that are based on experience instead of exact science.. . the ""wife-beating"" definition wa made up by a feminist sometime in the 1970s."
"just in case a patron that is being shuttled need to use the atm. they usually are escorted to the atm while the driver stand to the side so that may do their business in private. the car is left behind the person in the drive thru line so a not to put the person in any danger of getting hit by any other car that might drive up to use the atm. yep, they walk thru the atm line."
"geraldo also ha no credibility. remember the al capone vault? and he support michael ""the pedophile"" jackson."
"just do what u feel is right and feel proud for that.. if people point out your bad qualities, try to improve on them but never let it get you down."
don't use that stupid. after shave lotion and a loaf of bread that's the way you want to go.
"by putting n's on the end of word such a 'can'. we can't avoid human emotions, just try to calm yourself down and don't breathe deeply, that just piss you off more!!"
"hook 'em up with some headphones, windshield wiper and a computer that only you can see the screen on your glass lens all while still seeing everything else normally. oh yeah, and put some bling on them"
most of the indian farmer are small farmer and they work in the field along with other hired farm labourers.still the tilling of the soil is done by engaging the bulls/buffaloes.indian farmer hardly get any remuneration worth the name and mostly are indebted to the banks/lenders.they dont have any federation to fight for fair price .. american farmer have vast land and manage with sprinkler etc and most of the operatrions are mechanised. they live in comfort.. i hope you got the picture now!!!!!
the only difference is the tint of their skin. nothing else. we are all human after all.
"you can't, every now and then she unlocks it, you just have to check her site frequently. she unveils important tidbit of information through the door from time to time (that wa where the title of book six, half-blood prince, wa unveiled.) i would assume the next time it will be unlocked will be when the name of book seven is unveiled, or maybe jk will give a clue a to some of the plot, you never know."
"million of year ago, the deserrts were lush forests. global warming throught time made the desert whnat they are today."
"look up name in craig's list and in the yellow page of another city (this is very important). visit those people and tell them about your plans. offer to apprentice with them, and if this is not possible, take them out to lunch and ask them questions. if you do this within your own city, they may not talk to you, fearing competition."
"in the world of the funadmentalists....lol....lmao... 'hate the sin, love the sinner' lol. don't hate christianity, hate the christian who don't really follow it's doctrines, lol."
"exactly, they have a miniscule cash value so that people don't try to use them a money. store redeeming coupon from the manufacturer's have to be prepared to show evidence that they actually sold a much of the product a the are redeeming."
"i would be baklava because i'm sweet a honey, a little nutty, and have lot of layers. and i can be quite flaky."
i don't think you can. the state operates the foster care system in every state i have lived in.
well she wouldn't get much done since not very many people would believe she wa the new messiah. it's pretty hard to overthrow the antichrist if you don't have a strong army of follower backing you.
"jack daniel hadn't been invented yet. a little known fact is that he did turn the salsa dip into bar rail whiskey, and then went on to invent ""sneaky petes"". which, by the way, is what brought lazarus back to life."
"thief: one who steals, especially by stealth. . burglar: a thief who enters a building with intent to steal."
mohan's option are correct.. -u can also fly to madurai and go by road from there.. it take around 3 hrs.. -from coimbatore it take 5 hrs.. -by train u need to go to kodai road(trains from chennai) and then by road
it's the crack pipe silly. it is a well know fact that you cannot drive and smoke crack at the same time and since the rock is more important the driving skill suffer. to protect yourself try to avoid inner city area while driving.
"right on cindy!!! i am with you 100%. misspelling and poor grammar are running rampant here on yahoo questions. people, are you listening?"
"some people do believe that we have soul mate and some don't, even the one who believe in reincarnation. my opinion is that we do meet people we have known before, but, we cannot have soul mate because it would not allow u to evolve spiritually. we reincarnate to learn about love and forgiveness and to rise above the mistake of the past. if we have the same mate for all of that how are we supposed to learn anything?"
"the exponential growth of technology is an effect of technology itself. the invention of the wheel had plenty of side effect but only to the extent that other technology were available to apply it to. today, almost any technological advancement ha hundred of possible applications, from toy to computers."
"the prayer service wa instituted to commemorate the forefather and their prayers, but section were added after the destruction of the temple to replace the sacrificial offerings. this conforms to hosea 14:3, and the word of our lip shall replace bullocks. a the sacrifice are different on the sabbath from weekdays, the prayer are different."
it is also the name of a software.. . did you create it?
"trace the geneology, and look for any woman healer in the family. most healer were believed to be witches, so that's basically it there. other than that, if you can find root back to pagan culture, you should be able to figure it out again."
chill out post your question and i will answer it. =)
"i believe 'roundeye' is a derogatory term used by some asian to describe caucasions, but i could be wrong. it wa used that way where i grew up. maybe in response to the caucasion derogatory term 'slanteye' that wa used to describe some asians? i don't use or endorse the term myself, just trying to answer the question."
"to me it is an obvious answer. the meaning of life is no different for human than it is for any animal. we are here for one purpose and one purpose only, to adapt to our surroundings and procreate in order to keep our specie alive. by continuing our specie we insure that bit of ourselves will live on a long a the specie survives."
knowledge is power. . . i rather stand in the light than have faith in shadows.
w**k** is actually an insulting term used to alledge that a person masturbates frequently.. . cheer mean thanks. . knickers is underwear.
"god did create the perfect place ...the garden of eden. god did not want u to suffer. we can thank all of that on eve, that b****, every month i curse her. just grab a bible and start with genesis1:1 and read on........"
"well, a soon a it's created, you technically own it and it's copyrighted to you. however, you need to register with a copyright office if you want to like, sue somebody or something over it. to actually register it cost something like 30 dollar per piece."
"some people believe that when you are sneezing you are open to deamon and evil in general. by saying ""god bless you"" they are ""protecting"" you from evil."
"bocconcini is a fresh mozzarella that come in various sizes, packed in either water or brine. other fresh mozzarella, such a fiore di latte trecce, etc. are bocconcini in different shapes."
"to show a person's worth. -that they're opinion are valuable/respected. -to let them learn that they're opinion mite cause conflict if it bad.... . without f.o.e., unpopular minorities,criticism and dissent will be suppressed."
"you must know how to read people and then you use the card to guide you in the reading but i good reading is done with talent in reading and feeling the person. i do this and people are amazed when they hear it because they do not think it is real. it is not to be used to guide your life like a religion but there are many people who have gift of reading people and feeling things..i have told people over the internet that they were going to have a baby soon and thing that were going on in their life and did not know anything about them..just to show them that it is real but if tested, i usually decline because i do not like when people challenge me.. i can not read my own friend and family though and i do not understand that really.. and i have never got a nickle for it."
"in addition to the good advice offered above, on the rare occasion that you bluff your betting must be identical to the way you would have played the hand if you actually had good cards.. . this usually mean you have to prepare for your bluff at least one betting round before your bluff bet."
">>> whoever made this born again bull is an idiot <<<. . you accuse christian of being egomaniacal, but your word above fit the definition of that adjective perfectly."
"i guess it all depends on ur what ur spiritual belief are... a for me personally, i believe that when we take our last breath we flash thru the major moment of our life and the people we love the most. when ur spirit leaf ur body, i believe that our guide and our loved one who've passed on before u are there to greet u and to make the transition easier. we're then taken to a place where we can heal and learn to be a we are until we're ready to move onto another plane. i don't believe that when someone passes, they're completely gone... they're still with u and around us, watching and guiding u in our lives."
if you're american is very hard for you to find a good job in europe. american study are not quite appreciated in europe. you should decide over a country first and then try to find job site from that country. place your cv there and wait.. good luck.
"it's a difficult question to answer because you can't even turn on the tv with ppl nearly naked or make hint on sex, it's even in the cartoon and video games. movie rated pg would of been rated pg-13 10 year ago."
"the london production is slightly different due to the dynamic of the venue, but equally good to the original. it is a fallcy that the 'original' is always the best; that might ring true with film, but with theatre development occurs enriching the show."
the correct pronounciation of hecate is hek-a-tee. there is a terrific pronouncement site i use quite often. it's listed below a my source.
"i don't know. i always figured homosexual couple were great for urban renewal.. . homosexual couple tend to be dink (double income, no kids). they move into poorer neighborhood with poor school and soon the neighborhood is full of galleries, restaurant and nice boutique and the whole area turn around."
"because the rooster is a symbol of the start of the day, back before alarm clocks. named cornelius, or corny."
"i suggest you go with a vodka cooler to try. it is a lot cheaper and there are many variety to choose from. my favourite is the smirnoff ice - red label. it ha a ""lemonade"" kind of taste but someone told me that if you drink too many, it really knock you for a loop so be careful not to drink it too fast and remember that there is alcohol in it."
"maybe there are actually butter and finger in there, mixed with the chocolate. just kidding, but it's probably that when you hold it too long, the chocolate melt on your finger and it's oily like butter and you drop stuff (butterfingers mean you drop stuff)."
"to pacify themselves.. they even do it in the womb, probably because their hand are in front of their face, and of course baby like to suck."
"the taj mahal is a monument located in agra in india, constructed between 1631 and 1654 by a workforce of 20,000. the muslim mughal emperor shah jahan commissioned it construction a a mausoleum for his favourite wife, arjumand bano begum, who is better known a mumtaz mahal.. . the taj mahal is generally considered the finest example of mughal architecture, a style that combine element of indian, persian architecture and turkish architecture"
you can go on being single and still love . . are you trying to say that you can't love unless you are married?
"since you are still game to socialize... why not suggest going to a bbq place where it would be more enjoyable to invite a larger group of friends... plus he wouldn't be burdened with all the cooking and cost... play up the fact that you and your husband don't particularly like the summer heat, sweating and smoke of an outdoor bbq... and that you appreciate the offer... but you'll pas up the offer because of the above..."
you just might enjoy it. and i see nothing wrong with that.
"it mean a lot, a lot!! for example, if you say i want ""barcha"" salad, you're saying that you want a lot of salad."
that's just turkey with bird flu. try to avoid those.
national park aim at protection of all form of life where a the bioshepre reserve aim at the botonical area of biology. moreover in a national park human activity are allowed to some extend a are not in a biosphere reserve
"usually it ha to do with what state of sleep you are in once you have woken up. if you are awaken and your not in rem sleep at the time, you will usually not remember them at all. people go through 4-6 rem sleep cycle a night, generally speaking of course."
lmao....good question. i guess faith only go so far before it just turn into plain ignorance.. . ~sugasw33t
it mean that u welsh have been ignored again!!!
stalking is a crime. don't wait for a repeat call -- go to the police now.
"they didn't have ""mentally challenged"" in the 30's, but they did have the ""nut house"" or ""crazy house"" for the crazy or ""nuttie"". it varied a far a treatment, depending on the facilities, from one extreme to the other. at least they didn't release them on society to fend for themselves a they do today (not that there's anything wrong with that). i don't have time to look up a site, my pizza is done."
"the reason why woman did it in the first place go back to the social more of the time. in paul's time, one very obvious way to identify a prostitute wa by her shaved head. if such prostitute were to attend worship session with the more devout, it wa out of respect that she would cover her head, so not to offend the others in worship service. today, there's no need for that, because prostitute aren't identified by shaving their heads."
another racist question?? i have seen black driver in van just a crazy!!. hope this helps??
"the simple truth is that we're all selfish. yeah, people don't want to admit it, but barring momentary feeling of altruism, we're all pretty much waking up every day thinking about ourselves."
no. spend more time in your mother basement on your computer.
"visit your local library. the reference librarian should be able to help you track down record of births, marriages, and other things. it might be easier to just ask the guy who his parent and grandparent are and see if your grandfather know them."
"i don’t think male do it a well. it’s not accepted yet, although it would be much easier. now you must invite a girl for a date, be polite... etc. wouldn’t it be much easier if i could simply walk to a lady and say: hello, i wish to have sex with you and nothing more?"
"it the saffron and the right combination of ingredients.. in spain i had some bad paella and some i still can visualize right now (drooling a i type!). . i think it a matter of finding the right chef/cook who know how to blend the right ingredient just right, and with the right pan and heat!"
"because they found out a way to make felt out of beaver pelt, and felt is what the hat were made out of. besides, what woman of that era would want to wear a beaver pelt stole? those thing smelled like fish!"
agnostic are a 'maybe'. atheist are a definite 'no'
"is the developer any good?. . i never got into slides, but when i did develope b&w i'd get a yellowish tint if the paper or the devolper wasn't any good."
"fisrt use a phrasebook, so they will have a basic grasp when they do, you can proceed with learning books.. . try pimsleur learning method,they are recorded book this is one of the best"
i totally agree!!!. . we are all brother and sister on this planet. we should love each other.
the answer is in the question.. . the reason for life is living.
"it is the hip-jop form of saying s-h-i-t. it is usually used the same wy bad is used. a in cool, great fabulous etc..."
"it's a conspiracy.. . you can keep the bun in the fridge--bread last longer that way, or you can freeze the one you don't use and just defrost them when you want them."
"the act of union wa passed by the parliament of england and scotland in 1707 (when queen anne reigned) which formally united england and scotland a the kingdom of great britain, making the title ""king (or queen) of scotland"" superfluous. charles i and ii reigned in the mid-17th century, when scotland wa still a distinct political entity -- thus, ""king of scotland""."
wonderful question great way to get people to use their brains....you should get some amazing theorys. well in my personal theory i believe that they would have evolved into smaller creature just a many of our animal have over time and that maybe for some their skin type wouldve changed to accommodate their climate. a far a intelligence based on the theory that each generation is smarter than the last they may have become smarter than u (doesnt mean that they wouldve developed voice cords)take dolphin for example scientist think that they are just a intelligent if not more so than us.apes are another great example they have come so far a to learn understand and use sign language to communicate with u even having an understanding of emotions....the possibility are endless.
i'm sorry for not having a original answer for this question.. . yes.
"if your husband cheating on you, leave him.. if you need some peace of mind, try meditation. just sitting down and having twenty minute of silence and clearing your mind. personally i find some music and meditation help me work out my problems, and keep an open mind a well and be more patient with the world."
"the mormon church actually keep one of the best geanological database in the country. strange i know, but true. it stem from the belief that even after someone is dead they can be saved and go to heaven, so they keep extensive record in case you or someone from your family convert and want to save the rest of your family that's dead."
"who can say? the concept of a god that can create a universe is beyond my comprehension, so it would be futile for anyone to speak of what motivates such an entity.. . it is silly to argue his motives. neither you, i, nor anyone else would be able to comprehend."
"swordfighting. yes that's right... swordfighting. not for the stage, not for show, but for actual combat and defense. been training for about two month now, and find it not only one of the best workout i've ever had, but very worth the bruise and injury suffered!"
they don't know any better . . . [best answer]
"aureus is golden, and amphitrite is the wife of poseidon, so it sound like a reference to the golden ocean. it also sound like an alchemical reference, but that's a guess on my part."
"i have been to san juan twice, it is such a beautiful city! i would definately recommend touring el morro. also, you can just walk around the cobblestone street of old san juan, there are many thing to see and do there."
it's kinda backwards to me. sure they are tring to get a good point across. but no one really belief them or pay attention because they act like crazy people.
"all you have to do is ""believe"" and ask for forgiveness. that's all i've been told and your sin are forgiven!!!"
"there are english flag everywhere at the moment, and so much for the government not wanting them - tony blair ha one at no 10! this is just an excuse to set off a nasty racist rant. the only thing i'm ashamed of about being english right now is you, chelseababe."
"grease them and bake them at 300 degree for an hour, do that 2-3 time then when you wash them just use hot water, for stuck on food use salt like sand paper. the more you use them the more nonstick they become."
"do you enjoy asking all these question about the first murder? according to the bible, cain and abel both burned sacrifice to god. god liked abel's better, cain got mad, and hit him over the head with a rock."
"if you're driving, take the gardiner west to hwy 427 and go north on the 427 to the airport. if you're not driving, then take the subway suggestion from the answer before me."
haha. except x-tians aren't supposed to have thought like that.
"the name wa given by dutch settler who build the first settlement in what is now harlem. it wa founded in 1658 a nieuw haarlem (or new haarlem), after the dutch city of haarlem."
"america is not any better than those country with it gluttenous appetite for oil, trees, and any other natural resource. only a individual can we best help."
they don't have a life . they are idiot . and they just want to get some additional point . and in the process spew their hate.
because a shaved head is sexy and it feel good to our touch. especially during.. oh... oop... lol!! love the shaved head!
"i'd chop onion (fine) and mushroom, fry med heat in olive oil/butter, with herb like basil, tarragon, when done put on low heat . +add cream, salt and pepper to taste, simple. . if need thicker mix spoon of cornflour to cold milk, then add to fried mixture, always add cream last on low heat"
"a hissie fit is a fit that happens because of your reaction to something that wa really a non-event. a conniption fit is your reaction to something that actually did happen. examples: ""she had a hissie fit because he didn't apologize with a much sincerity a she thought he should."" ""she had a conniption fit because the waitress forgot to bring her food and then didn't even apologize"""
nelson mandela. i feel honoured to be living in the time of this legend. the spirit of his deed will remain alive long after he's gone.
"not just an american dish..the apple pie...was first known overseas,..in europe...apples through the popularly by people such a ben franklin...john chapman who became known a johnny appleseed...caused the apple to become well known in the new world later to be called colonial america...and finally the u o a. because it is so deep in our american culture from the early days,apples, and pie made with them,""as american a apple pie"" wa coined and the term ha been used for anything pertaining to thing we american like....usually thing that have been around a long time.."
that's something i wondered from when i first heard the song when i wa a kid. such a weird song. and thanks for getting it stuck in my head now! ;)
"ever hear of cabin fever,?the winter blahs,rainy day blues. sunshine or lack of it doe effect the human psyche........"
"art is the consequence of the articulation of things.. . we all have an unique way of articulating things, and that way we express ourselves.. . this is why art is considered a vehicle of expression.. . art is, to resume it, an articulation with a purpose that express a feeling."
"personality is what make each person an individual. there are many type of personalities. the moody person, the happy-go-lucky person, the worry wart, the whiner, the know-it-all, and the stuck-up snob are just a few examples.. human relation is how these different personality type interact separately and together."
gnostic book contradict the diety of god. . gnostic book are not inspired by the holy spirit of god.
"because that is how they started, and mohammed didnt want his troop to fight over the spoils. so he made the rule book."
i don't understand either . they take bible question off and we can't get rid of that pervert that keep saying horrid thing about kid & sex and just horriable thing
"( i guess it mean to be able to cook italian food, really well )!!? so there-fore you'd be able to cook it in a restaurant with a license to cook that specialty.............ha ha."
"to try to make themselves feel better about themselves. people like that usually have very low self esteem and they want others to think that they are just a good if not better than the person they are trying to be like. it all an air-- a put on. people should just be therselves and not try to play ""keep up with the jones'"""
well i hate to burst your bubble but i do not want woman in war so i am a pig thankyou .women are weaker and only able to produce a portion of what a man can do .by the way paper pusher are not real men. a man work hard sweat and make something a whimpy man trade money and doe a woman work why management is paid to sit around is beyond me woman could do it part time and raise the kid while real men worked to provide shelter and good to make life more enjoyable.for there family .and single sweety guy could satisfy a woman lust for a strong man able to take a woman and give her what she realy want .
"just put a small coin, ;). . sorry it's impossible."
"brown's book ha enough fact to make christian leader nervous because those fact totally undermine what they claim and could eventually destroy trinitarian (jesus is god) myths.. . which would destroy nearly every christian church on the planet, including the catholic church."
in secret. making liquor is illegal. beer or wine making a hundred gallon per year ok
"jenny craig can help you lose weight, not demons. get out of that house asap."
"there wa a big anti-marijuana crusade back in the 1930s when millionaire such a hearst & dupont considered hemp to be an economic threat to their pulp mill (hemp is cheaper, more durable & save more trees).. . today, i suspect that it may be the big pharmaceutical company that are so against marijuana. because it can be used for such a wide range of ailment & can be grown so cheaply, it's considered a threat to drug manufacturer because they would lose money."
"harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban--when harry and the gryffindor quidditch team finally break through and win the quidditch cup. close second: same book, the chapter when harry realizes that it's himself who ha cast the patronus that save him and sirius, and that the patronus is a stag, like his father's animagus persona. in fact the whole final 3rd of that book brings tear to my eyes. i know, i'm a big softie."
"i think you just answered your own question. i think there is nothing, but you're right, religion is easier to conceptualize than nothing."
shabho khair is good night (from urdu/hindi).. . namaste is the greeting at all part of the day.. . achi raat is literally translated to good evening.
"im not fine ,hahahahahahaha,,,,,,,,,,,,y u r asking such a non-sense question?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????"
because prayer can't cause anything to happen. all answer to prayer (at least that i ever heard of) are thing that could happen natually anyway. growing back a severed limb is not something that happens natually--not for human anyway.
unless you have a car transportation in cyprus is very difficult a public transportation is almost non-existant. there are some bus but the service is unreliable. taxi are reliable but can get expensive. renting a car is the best idea.
"everybody's close-minded to some extent...look at all the christian who argue amongst themselves!. . but a a science-believing christian, i would say that those who believe only what they can see, or can prove with man's very limited knowledge of everthing scientific and won't consider other options, they're certainly more narrow-minded if not closed-minded!"
i think it's the same reason the green ketchup never worked out- people always associate ketchup to be red. they're afraid to try it if it's a different color.. . i so miss green ketchup.
it a sign meaning that illegal substance are sold in the house or apartment closest to it.. . . or it could just be a punk kid horsing around
i would hate heaven.. praising some guy i don't even respect. it would be more like hell for me.. and eternity is a long time.. everything would get boring.. very fast.. i'd rather just die.
it mean cracking nut specifically walnuts. it refers to the item used to crack nuts. i am of italian origin.
"well....its not exactly polite conversation but ok i'll answer it. the term ""brown nose"" come from the idea that someone is kissing someone else's butt for a promotion or something else. the brown is what come out of that person's butt."
"say you do something nice for somebody, you will have potentially gained some 'brownie points', meaning that at some time in the future, near or far, that person will either repay the favour or look upon you more favourably or even perhaps forgive you for an indescretion. they arn't actual point that you write in a book or anything, they're hypothetical. try earning some today, they are often worth much more than money!"
"any bar with cold beer, good friends, pool table, and alot of laugh after a hard day work.. . thats my q, type to all of you tommorow.. . cheers."
"yes, the above route is best. or if u want to make le travel by road, then go to coimbatore by flight from bangalore. from there u have frequent bus to ooty via wellington"
"there are many gifts; encouragement, giving, teaching to name a few. read 1 corinthian 12."
we did not evolve from apes. i find it hard to believe evolution can create two different species. that's like a cat evolving into a duck.
"you don't have to go to school.. you can stay home and eat bon bons all day , til the day turn to month and the month turn to years.. . then you wake up one day and all your friend are doctors, lawyers, accomplished, cultured, knowledgeable people and you're 200lbs heavier because of all the bon bons you ate."
"parboil, then slice thinly, fry quickly small amount olive oil and red wine vinegar. toss in shallots, salt and pepper. yes, red wine vinegar. yummmmmm"
r u crazy? who would want it to be the end of the wurld?
"to fulfill prophesy. 40“for a jonah wa three day and three night in the belly of the great fish, so will the son of man be three day and three night in the heart of the earth. matt 12:40. 31and he began to teach them that the son of man must suffer many things, and be rejected by the elder and chief priest and scribes, and be killed, and after three day rise again mark 8:31"
"psychology (gk: psyche, soul or mind + logos, speech) is an academic and applied field involving the study of the human mind, brain, and behavior. psychology also refers to the application of such knowledge to various sphere of human activity, including problem of individuals' daily life and the treatment of mental illness"
"the vastness of all that ever wa and all that ever will be -formless yet it contains all form, colorless, yet a spectral pallette, nothingness, yet everything. . ...and you thought there were no easy answers."
"they batter the outside of very, very rock hard frozen ice cream. then they freeze it agin for a few hour after it is battered. when it is deep fried it is fried very quickly, like 30-45 seconds. that's why it doesn't melt!"
"probably because it's black.. . and the correct spelling is ""interrogated."""
"i think by ""people"" you are referring to the youth today.. . just go to show the amount of class people have."
"ha,you don't know!?try to juggle like,10 banana and then make your friend take a picture of you doing that and then send it to the gunny book records!"
nice cut & paste job by two dude who probably never heard of neal cassady before.. . dean moriarity lives...
stalker!!!!! no one would know this answer unless you are like best friend with them! i mean come on!!!!
"you can send a photo to a mobile phone through mm service ( multimedia messaging service) or a a mobile email with a photo attachment. check and see if your cellular service support this kind of service, or if your plan ha the option for mm and mobile email."
if you can make yourself do something you don't wanna do because it need to be done. i'm almost 30 and i still haven't mastered that. :p
"the worldiness of man refers to the desire that men have in enjoying life in term of the physical level while reamaining ""dead"" spiritually. sex, drugs, alcohol, money, may lead to fun night and memorable moment but at time of judgement that very same worldiness will be weighed against you."
"with grills? well, it's difficult to have conservation with inanimate objects. you could talk to the grill, but it won't respond. on the bright side, it is a really good listener."
because of the main spice ingredient is chili powder made from chili peppers. the spelling is different also chilly.
i think that lolli's are round and sucker are flat. or vice versa.
rural settlement:you settled in the sticks. urban settlement:you settled in the ghettttttoooooooo.oh yes in the ghettttttooooo.
"i would check to see if your anus in functioning propperly, if you are able to fit your fist up there then it is fine. other wise you need to start to stretch it out untill you can comfortably accomindate your fist. it should fix the early morning burnings."
"by not being a ""perfect"" anything. just be yourself."
this is the process whereby smaller bank get taken over by bigger banks. who two bank merge so that there are fewer bank but those that do exist are much bigger.. . an example is the bank natwest (full name national westminster) bank that formed a a merger between national provincial bank and westminster bank. and natwest itself is part of the royal bank of scotland bank.
"with any child the most successful way to reach them is respect and love. when child act out it's because they need attention, any attention. if they are doing the silent treatment just let them know you respect their feeling on their silence but let them know they can speak when they want to and most importantly make sure they understand that they are safe and very important people! of course all this should be handled with age appropriate term and gestures."
"to sum it up, because this is a question that would warrant a lengthy answer...many people move to city seeking employment opportunities; however, with so many people doing this, you have more competition for jobs. all these people moving to city looking for job and not finding any still have to survive somehow and this may be how we end up getting city ""slums"". the social effect of this is unemployment, poor living conditions, increase in crime, oppression... then you have broken families, abuse and neglect, substance abuse. i could go on and on but there you have the very shortened version."
"i also wanted to be a pilot when i wa your age. so do good in school, play sports, study math, & keep yourself in good physical condition, eat good food, no smoking no drugs. read all the book you can on flying & visit your local airport & go go for a plane ride in a small plane.ask about flying lessons. good luck."
peep mean people or friend or something like that. i have no idea wa shiz means..... :d
because they taste so good and have a short season. it's all about supply and demand
"i'm sure they will say: ""we were spared at the last minute!"" and then they'll precdict another date for armaggedon. they always do."
sep i feel a strongly a you do on that point because all are living thing including plants. human are very selfish and greedy. they take over most of the land and imprison the aminals and kill them to store in warehouse or for fun. one day im sure these lesser living thing will take revenge and i will cheer them on looking down from heaven
"money, baby, money! the same way 2 catholic can divorce each other thru the catholic church - money!!"
baking powder is a chemicla agent that creates gas in the batter when mixed with acid ingredients.the gas are what make the cake etc rise. yeast is a live food element and the organism feed off the sugar in a dough. yeast make the dough elastic so that it can trap the gas formed in the fermentation process causing the dough to rise.
they go hand in had. . best buds... drink on one hand.. smoke on the other
"'tie a yellow ribbon round the old oak tree""---for soldier at war....may bey it came from that---lance armstrong? to raise awareness of a cause."
"it's sad you cannot post a question without being attacked by christian that claim to adhere to the word of the bible, particularly ""judge ye that not be judged"" and ""let he who is without sin cast the first stone."" these so-called christian should be ashamed for not allowing you to express your different point of view in an open forum. i think an even better point to make for these individual who are willing to attack you in such a juvenile way is to quote my kindergarten teacher “if you don't have anything nice to say then don't say anything at all."" may whichever god you choose, even if it’s none, bless you all."
"i think we are all entitled to equal rights.. and mike- they don't want special rights- they want the right to marry who they love- not just marry who we tell them they're allowed to. i'd hate it if someone started a rule tomorrow that natural brunette such a myself could not marry natural blonde such a my husband.. i'm sure you'd be upset if you couldn't marry the person you loved, either.."
"it is a rude term, because a douche is a feminine hygiene product used to clean the vagina. so when you call some one a douche bag you are really calling them a p****y cleaner"
"not positive about the gnostic tradition----but normally, self-realization mean realizing that you are not separate from god. it mean realizing that god dwells within each and every one of us. we are all connected and part of the whole.. . self-realization and enlightenment are the same."
"i truly believe that some profession attract pedophile and sex offender in general. for example if you wanted to molest old people why not get a job at a retirement home. if you like children, a priest is a perfect job. the child would be more apt to trust you to."
"for a long time now for white people to show or prove to black people that they are not racist, the white have cowed down to kiss their butt by excepting anything that black do a being cool. white need to be themselfs and stop pretending to like or be like someone else just to make them think they are not hate mongers. everyone is a hate monger they just don't want anyone to know because of the hastle they would get. i say stop kissing butt and be yourself and if others don't like it "" to dam bad "" get over it because they hate me now for hating them so now everybody hate everybody"
"are you a student? if so, you can get great deal at the following websites:"
work hard... you can become a hardworking person by . choice!!
"i don't and i consider myself a spiritualist. not so much a medium, but definitely a spiritualist. i don't have an indian guide, but i do have native american blood. doe that change it any?"
"i think you probably don't understand what you are talking about because you are 12. many black just act the way the do to defend themselves not because they are trying to attack people. think about it, black don't label white a colored when they are in black country especially in africa, instead they are cherished and loved. but it is the opposite where black are staying in white communities."
look into steven covey's seven habit of highly effective people. (google it) one of the habit is being proactive instead of reactive. we all need to find the win-win in every situation.
"probably because it not put into ur memory. like how u have temporary memory and permenant memory, and at night it transferred from temporary to permenant. but if it doesnt put it into memory, howre ya gonna remember it. just like when u study and forget."
"the general rule is that you always work from the outside in - a in, the first course use the outside utensils, etc. a good resource is the one i've listed below - it ha diagram with usage."
no compulsion .... . certainly the usa don't need 2 ..... asia's somewhere a speck on da ...
"people don't blame god? what planet are you living on?. earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, people call these act of god."
"my grandparent never payed to have my parent baptized, my parent never payed to have me baptized, and i never payed to have my baby baptized. what church are you going to?"
"year ago, people use to use jar for holding a door open, typicaly the jar were believed to consume the evil spirit if they tried to enter the home. this is where this term come from."
"unfortunately, many american no little of religion outside of the narrow judeo-christian perspective so many do not know who the sikh are. they are probably confused for muslim because of the turban. unfortunate."
"i have a two-pronged answer for you:. 1) it is difficult, at best, to obtain the necessary funding.. 2) the people in question, largely, do not want to be helped--or, if so, on their own terms."
"you know, the man who wrote ""the hokie pokie"" died last year. took them 3 day to put him in the casket....they put the right foot in, he took the right foot out.....etc."
a person from croatia is called a croatian or a croat... . and in croatian language hrvat(for a male) and hrvatica(for a female)
"the geordie dialect ha to be the best one going and it is actually the only original dialect which can be written a well a spoken.. also roumerd that the queen, god bless her, also speaks broad geordie behind closed doors, a it is directly descended from king george him self {hence the name geordie's} king george men.. we all gathered together on the bank of the river tyne, newcastle,. travelled north and slaughtered the scots,"
"usually they are anxious people that need something to calm them down. i think ,this is just an opinion"
"option number two. bush is awful is so many ways. instead of working on our health system, or pulling our troop out of iraq, or creating a fair system for illegal immigrants, or giving more money to school for education, or even stopping animal abuse, the most powerful man in the world is worrying about gay marriage!!! after that, it's going to be all about making flag burning illegal, this is ridiculous."
"by whom? a far a i know, you are the only one who feel this way, so i guess you should ask yourself that question!"
well jk rowling already announced that 2 character will die in the last book.. . i'm betting on harry and voldemort.
"you don't have to.. . the ""we have to suffer"" view on life come from the christian religion: the original sin, etc.. . it doesn't mean you have to believe it. and people who believe that ""we must all suffer from the original sin"" only know the first part of the bible; the second part clearly say that someone called ""jesus"" came to wash ""us"" all from ""our"" sins."
why do some people think that the human body is shameful?. . i
you can ask god for anything and in any way you like. if you pray earnestly and long enough you may enjoy the benefit associated with meditation. meditate long enough and you'll find love automatically.
unfortunately there is no mechanical device that stuff olive without ripping or tearing the actual olive a majority of the time. some place still use and market hand pitted and/or hand stuffed olive that deliver a great product. but many company still attempt to use mechanical stuffer for mass production.
happiness doesnt belong to a single. it universal phenomenon my dear friend. just enjoy life and feel happy
"one main difference is that protestant believe we can be saved only by god's grace. that is true, but a a catholic i believe that we must choose to recieve that grace and keep it in u by following god's commands. protestant believe that we are saved by faith alone, while catholic believe that we are saved by faith accompanied by works, for faith without work is dead."
"there's no set way to become pagan. just go out into nature, behold it, meditate and become part of your surroundings. when you open your eye and you see that it is holy, and you are holy too because you are an integral part of it, then you will be pagan."
"the roman catholic church ha a pope in rome. the eastern orthodox church ha a leader in istanbul (not constantinople, so if you've a date in constantinople, she'll be waiting at istanbul)."
"because it is quite difficult, unlike the jumped-up, simplistic, airport read that is the davinci code. they appeal to different markets- just a the film 'pretty woman' did not create a revival of 'she stoop to conquer' - both have the theme of love/class/sex/prostitution but one is a chick-flick and the other is a difficult play.. . they sell to different people- the people who buy the davinci code probably wouldn't like the amount of reading and detail it take to get to the crux of an eco text. the dead body aren't placed so clearly that anyone who's studied art at school can immediately 'clock' 'oh this is about davinci' and it isn't based on research which the author thought 'real' but wa actually a famous case-study of fraudulant historical document in france!"
*********************************************************. it wa caught between the bar on yhe bed post.... ...we were goin like the clappers.. and at climax it wrenched and i sreamed in agony and ecstacy at the same time.... endorphines helpd a bit tho.. ahh sweat mammories... ************************************************************
"because you don't live in washington, dc. and, in your jurisdiction, you won't let hippy make the laws!"
"anne, from the hebrew hannaniah, grace or graceful, through the french.. . merline, the feminine of merlin, a small raptor, specifically the sparrowhawk."
"it mean verry sloowly bring the creme to a simmer in your sauce pan. that means, don't turn your eye much past medium low."
"first of all: not all of u who are under 18 are dimwitted.. second: iq´s measure your intelligence, and philosophy is not only about intelligence, it´s also about talent and the innate ability to wonder.. third: your question really doe not contribute to the solution of such problem.. fourth: because people are scared. surprise someone, change a situation, ask a smart question, or just be your own complicated self, which doe not fit into general standards, you scare them, because all their life they tried to be like everyone else, and suddenly you tell them:¨it´s ok to think for a change, to ask question no one can answer, to be complicated.¨. fifth: agreed, most question are really... let u not go there, but isn´t a true philosopher supposed to see even in that a great wisdom, preferably one which doe not state that the world is losing more and more brain cell every day?"
"they do. some religion frown on it, including certain faction of christianity, so a religious zealotism rise that might take a dive, but it'll never really go away."
"there are a variety of theory a to how this started (see link). at this point, it's just a custom."
close your mouth and exhale out your nose. it burn if you arent a regular smoker.
i am mexican and we use that word a lot . especially when you like her . in english is something like oh my god!!!!!!!!!! and in a way you're telling her that you're amazed of her in such a lot of way .........
what doe being white have to do with anything?? be a one
"i'm not sure when that originated. it's just in some editions, not all of them and it's just to make finding what jesus said a little easier.. . i think there are some people who actually believe that the only part of the bible that are important are jesus' words. maybe that's how it started."
"possibly because we are like a television show to aliens. we were created a show, and they watch every moment of our life like it is one big drama/comedy. when the alien no longer like your character, they cancel you and you die.. . well that and 42"
"dried oregano, parsley, garlic, cinna. mon, onion powder and nutmeg"
"i always add alot more flour to mine to make them le flat, and they taste really good too. try 1/2 cup more than it say to start. good luck!"
well you have to dress one bean up a bride and one a groom. then you have to make a cake for the bean and make the bean dance (perhaps use mexican jumping bean a dance partners). get prenup!
what!. why do you want to do that for?they suck!
"weather is in the mid to high 80's, the low's are in the high 70's. there's not that much rainy weather either."
"pack clothes that you can mix and match , it make it much lighter than pakcing ton of different clothes that cant be matched. pack thing on a carry on to also take up le space in your main suitcase, then pack your toiletry in your purse (pack travel shampoo and soap) or if your staying longer than a week pack toiletry in a beach bag, then you can pack towel and maybe a few bigger thing in it along with toiletries.. hope this help"
"ask her out, buy her dinner, take her to a movie. i'm pretty sure she'll let you do her after all that."
i have noticed that too...but why dont you just buy a couple of real knife and just wash them. it would probably be cheaper and if you take them in a lunch or something just put it back in your office...........it would just be like a butter knife so i wouldnt see the harm.
"i believe anyone can turn gay or bi. i just think it come to a point when they realize this about themselves. it doesn't change the fact that they were gay/bi to begin with, it's just that they started to acknowledge it."
because it ha parasite in it that will make u sick. they do not make the mexico native sick because they have tolerance built up because they have always drank that water.
"you did bother to ask a silly question.beleive me, it's easier to answer them than putting them up and much more fun too!. and we get to know the extent of silly-ness that people can resort to.that's even more fun!!!. answer some silly question and before you know,you'll love it.. good luck!"
"because it wasn't brittney spears, or jessica simpson. if it wa then it would have been alwhite.. i mean alright."
who know ? perhaps for the same reason that they blow themselves in the center of a crowd
"god is jealous in the sense of what his name means. that he is a god that requires our undivided love, devotion, attention and worship in spirit and in truth. he so requires this because this is the way he feel about u and adores u so by sending u his one and only beloved beautiful son jesus christ to take our place of death on the cross. because god gave u his all, he demand the same from u which i believe is a fair request, don't you?"
"with president reagan, he decided to make energy saving time. back in the early 80's only come to find out it didn't save .so anyhow it never really worked .only we are still here doing the same thing and there is no need for it. arizona is the only state that doesn't do the time change. so shall ,should we."
"do you like to clean and fix things? if so, contact a cleaning service, school district, temp agency or big company and apply. good luck."
"pope's nose. also known a a parson's nose, this is the stubby tail protuberance of a dressed fowl. it seems to have originated a a derogatory term meant to demean catholic in england during the late 17th century."
"stand a piece of cardboard in he center of the pan....pour in one flavor batter on one side....the other flavor on the other...then easily pull out the cardboard....try not to move the pan around to much on it way to the oven.. one side will be chocolate the other vanilla...the center may be a little ""marble"", but i'm sure it'll be great!!!"
"a peninsula of western senegal projecting into the atlantic ocean. first sighted by the portuguese in 1445, it is the westernmost point of africa."
"the red heifer is symbolic of jesus' blood shed outside the wall of jerusalem.. . number 19:2 ""this is the statute of the law that the lord ha commanded: tell the people of israel to bring you a red heifer without defect, in which there is no blemish, and on which a yoke ha never come. 3 and you shall give it to eleazar the priest, and it shall be taken outside the camp and slaughtered before him."
"wisdom & understanding. i think you make it farther in life centering around wisdom and understanding a they will lead you down the road best traveled. knowledge & logic, i believe, are more self centered qualities."
"sorry, no proof, nor ever will be.. hebrew 9;27, a it is appointed unto men once to die, . but after this the judgement.. i corinthian 13;8a, love never fails!!!"
"arrogance says, ""i'm better than you are, and don't you forget it."" confidence says, ""i know i can do this task."""
"i am sorry i only eat fish, is that meat? lol"
"well for a start nobody know who is the girl in the painting.. (because of that they started to think it wa leonardo himself, anyway the guy wa bad t drawing faces, so bad that it took him several year to be able to draw all the face for the last supper and that they looked different , also the style limitation to the stetics proportion of his time make it harder).. after that , the fact that is way to simple and clear, it doesn´t have any hidden remark or is not a elaborated a other´s of davinci´s work.. her smile is not clear it ha a warm or mild sensation that doesn´t help clearing the purpose of the picture.. anyway the lack of clue the fact that nothing resolve around it and the effort of da vinci in it is what make it so mysterious"
"pepsi wa designed to help digestion, just like pepsin in your stomach. pepsi-pepsin"
i hear ya! that's all that we need to do - kind of follow the golden rule - and thing would be so much better. (the golden rule is non-religious and non-denominational - i learned it in public school).
"if possible, speak with your parent or other relative for their recollections. if your mom is alive and known to you, she might well know. if not, contact the hospital where you were born and request to see your medical records. if it's not there, i think you're out of luck."
"it involves a needle and ink. they penetrate the skin with the needle to apply the ink. you first lay an outline/ sketch around the area you wanted tatted, then draw on the sketch."
"good question! i lived in japan for 6 years, and i saw all these comedy tv show over there where people were slapping each other, hitting each other with toy hammers, and all of this other slapstick three stooge type stuff.. . just a different sense of humor, a result of cultural differences."
"i wa walking with my family down a long road and we came to a bridge and we were about to cross it but this magician came out of nowhere and zapped the bridge making it crumble and wobbly... he then said if we fail to cross the bridge we will fall into the pit and die. that's when i said ""screw you"" and i flew me and my family across. great dream it happened over 5 year ago but i still remember it and how good i felt when i woke up."
"i am staying with the kjv. . 1 john 5:7. . for there are three that bear record in heaven, the father, the word, and the holy ghost, and these three are one"
gas expands with heat.. dried body cannot flex so they crack open.
"sorry, i can't find it anywhere, not even with spelling variations. where did you run across it? maybe the context will help with answers."
"let them meet you, i am sure after that they probably wouldn't consider it anyway. or better yet show them your spelling skills. . i hope you are kidding about this good ol' boy club..."
"unfortunately, some of psychology is a bit questionable. you just haven't been exposed to good psychological science."
"mmm. nah thanks. i'm allergic to husbands. tried having one of my own once, cost me a fortune to get rid of him."
it called marketing.... you look at who spends the most or you could say waste the most... and you tailor your product toward that crowd. it been that way since shortly after wwii when the middle class american suddenly had more disposable income.
wwwhhhaaaaatttttt????????????. you have to be insane to think such a thing!!!!!!!!!!!
"i don't think there is any evidence. not to mention that even if there were, short of her coming out, we will never be certain. although i think that because she choice not to disclose her sexual orientation, we are all holding out hope."
"after the death of lim bo seng, many of the japanese authority softened their stance a little. the prisoners, for a period of time, were given better food. simple medical treatment and daily exercise in the prison compound were provided for the prisoners."
"in ancient times, giving someone a blade wa often an order to commit suicide. if one refused to kill themselves, they were summarily executed. by giving a small amount of money with the blade, it made it obvious that it is simply a gift."
"one interesting thing i have learned about the word ""sacrifice"" is that it's root come from ""sacer"" = ""to make powerful"". i think that a we sacrifice to god it build our committment to him (which in turn make u more powerful)"
"the root of the word spirituality is 'spiritus', which is latin for 'breath'. in other words, spirituality is the 'breath' of a religious belief system, the 'living force' within it. a religious person ('religion' is from the latin 'religio' meaning 'to connect', therefore to connect to the spiritual) would thus be a spiritual person a well.. my condolence on losing your husband. peace be with you."
"the first dynasty according to chinese source wa the xia dynasty,. . however, the first reliable historical dynasty is the shang, who settled along the huang he river from eastern china, dating from the 18th to the 12th century bc."
"prayer is a conversation with god. worship is a celebration of god.. the main component of prayer are adoration (""i love you god, you are most holy, etc"") confession (confessing sins) thanksgiving (thanks for all god ha done for us) supplication (asking god for what you need... world peace, good health, red sox win world series, etc.). prayer can be a form of worship, other form of worship include going to services, bible study, listening or singing song of praise, etc."
"the various agency should work together to spread out their donation drive over a few high key and multiple low key event per year. this way, it will definitely be more effective in gathering the maximum donate dollar."
"you should take line e of the subway from jamaica center or sutphin boulevard. this will take you to the heart of new york, close to the address you mentioned. you can walk two blocks, or change to some other train to get closer."
"hmmm, i don't think that the law of the u are based on the ten commandment ( i have never heard anyone say that), i think the law of the u were originally based on the puritanic code, the u wa founded by puritan (roughly speaking). this explains the law concerning thing such a alcohol, tobacco, pornogrpahy, mariage, etc. i agree that the law have been amended so many time that it becomes more difficult to see the ""roots"" of american culture, but i think that if you look at the puritan rather than moses you will find a more clear basis for u law."
"it is not wrong to praise anyone a the prophet himself ha praised some of his companions. the theme of the hadeeth is not to praise someone so that the person get complacent or becomes unaware of his ignomities or shortcomings. moreover, when someone praise someone, the one who is praised must thank allah for that unless which it would mean that he is taking credit for the same."
that is never easy. but it doe happen in time. you have to heal within yourself and learn to love and appreciate yourself first. then you will realize that that person hurting you wasnt love afterall.
make more ppl until we'll be at the peak of evolution... then we all die... simple! gimme another one!
"maybe to avoid looking like total inconsiderate a-holes. "" well, we're already killing him, let at least act like we care """
it just dna. and yes the more dna is mixed and deluded the more it changes.
contact me in messenger.i'll give u all the information needed.bye.... n do mention in chat that we met at yahoo answers!! i have a very bad memory.
to have fun! and do what ever there is to do before dying!
move to england. tip-top of the mornin' to ya gov-uh-na!
you have the worng friend man. sorry to say it but if that's whats up you should be with better people. or just give freely and don't expect anything when you give and that when you won't feel let down by all the cheapos!
lover come and go but friend are for ever. if you cheat on a lover..thats the end but if you cheat on a friend ..thats just the beginning.you can have a thousand friend but only one lover.a friend can mend a broken heart but a lover break the heart in the first place.
"very easy: cut up a boneless breast and toss it into your pot of boiling broth seasoned to taste, add spuds, carrots, celery, and a green vegie (green bean or pea work well). simmer for about an hour, add some corn starch to thicken the broth and now you have a tasty stew. you might wand to grind some pepercorn to the broth when you start. also accent is a great flavor enhancer."
"i believe that is the province of the u.s.post office, based on the town grid, number of land plots, early settlers, etc. it is not the same all over the country."
people have something to believe in... something to give them inner strength. you can't dis them for that.
"i'm not familiar with the show you're referring to, but i can tell you that i think tv ha a lot more inappropriate show than appropriate ones. i am not so sure censorship is ok, but ultimately, it's the people who issue the paycheck who get to decide what they will play. if they gave into pressure, then the show had to go. maybe someone else will pick it up."
"he wa born a prince in a region of what is now india. he had a wife and young child at the time he challenged the tenet of hinduism a a result of seeing people in various stage of suffering. he spent a number of year practicing various type of very strict yoga before attaining enlightenment while meditating under a bodhi tree. from then he spread his understanding of life and the root cause of suffering and how to attain enlightenment through the practice of the ""middle way"""
"sniff for a fragrant fruity odor at the stem end, or squeeze very gently to detect a firm yet yielding feel under your fingers. mango ripen best at room temperature. to accelerate ripening, you may place the fruit in a paper bag overnight."
"because the it's not only the name of a country, it's a complex noun (grammatically speaking)!. the fact of having ""of"" in this name is a way to indentify and link a special group of state to the continent of america.. it's the same for the people's republic of china.. . actually you have ""the"" because you have ""of""."
"pwn is a deliberate misspelling of ""own."" a noob is a person who is a beginner, usually in a online multiplayer game. when someone is owned, it usually mean they were humiliated (killed with a low damage weapon, etc.) or they were killed in a skillful way (example: being shot in the head in a first-person shooter)."
"your terminal will depend on what airline you are using. there should be sign directing you to the appropriate terminal on your way into the airport. if you want to be sure before going to the airport, check the website listed below. just go through each terminal link until you find your airline."
i would say that it is not. the probability of naturally-occuring random chemical reaction generating even an amino acid is so improbable that it is considered a statistical impossibility.
suck's doesn't it? we waited 45 minute for our order one time and they brought the wrong order then we sent it back and waited another 45 minutes. never eat there again!!
"i know, right?!?. . and... did you know that shampoo used to be referred to a faux-pu? it's great for cleaning shitzu puppy and shittake mushrooms."
"what southerner wasnt against it back then? let look at the civil war though. which wa mostly about slavery! gen. robert e. lee, i would have to name due to him leading the southern forces."
trailer park and hurricanes... oh! no jeb bush in california
"the amateur farter will try to be quite but sometimes it just come out loud and everyone notices, but the experienced farter know to pull on of his/her butt cheek away from the other so there won't be a sound just wfffff will come out (gas) minus the sound. try it, it works!"
"well, johnnycakes... because saliva is the first step in digestion. when you see something you want to eat, it's a pavlovian response.. . i really hope that if you ever have to go to jail or prison... you seriously think about changing your nickname."
"don't you dare. i don't want to support you, i have enough trouble supporting myself and all the other lazy people on it. don't get me wrong, i am liberal, however, it should be my choice who i want to give help to, i shouldn't have to pay into it by force."
eve bit the apple of the damn tree. our peace is after death.
man you are beyond messed up. even for a 'christian'.
"i think people have the desire to be famous so that their life on earth will not be forgotten when they are dead and gone. it could also have a lot to do with a person's self esteem. being loved and adored by million of fan might fill some kind of void in a person's life and make them feel like they've accomplished something.. . i have to agree, though, that i would much rather be rich than famous because i treasure my privacy, which is why i want to be an author and screenplay writer - potentional to make lot of money, but without all the hassle of having to hire body guard and go out dressed in disguise just so i can buy grocery in peace!"
in a large zip-loc bag with a damp paper towel. best wish
"all right, i must admit you have made your point very clear!. likewise your wording is quite sound.. perhaps we must give it a second thought and . elaborate the other way around a well. really do you want to get it right?"
"in nyc it's considered a racial slur. seriously though, why do people buy these? they're starting it in test markets."
"revolt, you fool! the only path to change is through action!"
"i don't know how old you are, but a university degree/major in literature/ history/humanities would be necessary, and a part-time or full-time job a an assistant librarian or assistant in a picture agency, for example, might be a good start to get you on the ladder. use web resources, talk to librarians, your local university archive personnel, and you might consider applying to a large blue-chip company, too, many having archive that are well run.good luck!"
"because boracay is like a small paradise here on earth, the white sandy beach and the pristine sea front are just to die for. :)"
"i like your avatar, hic! but i don, burp! drink, hic! alcoholoo, what wa the quextion?"
the indoor toilet. beat the heck out of cleaning a thunderjug every morning or running out to the privy in a blizzard.
kingdom of heaven. . this movie ha the crusader in it. and that is a really negative topic for christianity.
a person who doe not believe in god.. . 1- you have souls. 2- you may or may not want to destroy religion (depending on your disposition)
"""ich leide unter die grippe"" resp. ""ich habe die grippe"". nonetheless, grippe translates to influenza. the colloquial term flu may therefore be translated into ""ich habe scnupfen"" - literally a runny nose which may be due to hay-fever, allergies, and the early inset of a cold or the influenza."
"run and slam your head into the concrete, you'll have all the evidence you need. lol"
"the fact that it's mostly underground.. . you can stay in underground motel if you wish, and it's a great way to keep out of the heat. pick up some opal while you're there!"
"human have always found way to alter their consciousness, because spirituality is sometimes more important to strive for than religious belief.. . which make today's draconian drug law all the more ridiculous."
"you are on wikipedia. i guess we are a true religion now. a true jim_darwinist really doe question everything including the reason he questions, whereas a jim_darwinist question everything except that.. . why do you ask?"
"tell him to ask her lot of question about her hobbies, favorite movies, music, family, stuff like that. then she'll probably ask him question and he can just be himself and find out what they have in common."
"there can't possibly be a definition of art, because all art is subjective. and once you call it art, it is art in the eye of the beholder. art is esentially a creation, so it can cover a vast and diverse range of ""things"" that could potentially be labeled ""art"". lol"
"the difference is in the binder that hold the pigment together and make the paint adhere to the paper. poster paint generally ha a cheap binder like glue, watercolor in little tube have a binder like gum arabic, which is of a higher quality.. another difference is going to be in the quality of the pigments.. watercolors, depending on the brand, are going to be formulated with higher quality pigment than poster paint."
woman have alot of problem and to cope with them they use alcohol to numb the pain they feel. it not a good thing to do cause by drinking more they only make more problem for themselves.
olive oil start burning at a lower temperature than what you need to deep fry foods. olive oil is good for you but try canola instead.
jesus wa hated by the high priest and the teacher of the law but he would not return their hatred but rather asserted his own position a a man of peace. the only response they had to this wa murderous hatred and they realised it by making use of the roman authority to authorize his death by crucifixion. nothing jesus wa prepared to do could quench the fire of their hatred.
public records? not unless it from a mug shot.. with the exception of school pictures.
"wow. i hope you don't actually believe any of that crap really happened. if you do, you don't need scientology, you need therapy and re-education."
"any ground meat mixed with bread crumbs, eggs, onion, celery, and spice to your taste. cook for the recommended time... usually about 60 minuet at 350 degree's or until done."
if you are without transport there are taxi at the airport. you can hire one of them outside the airport or use a courtesy phone to call a taxi.. . if you are hiring a car then a you exit the airport take the r21 to benoni. remember in south africa we drive on the left hand side of the road.
"becuase most religion say they believe the bible and follow it, but then they act on thing contrary to it teachings. eating of blood can also be read is takin it in, and intraveniously is taking blood in. blood is considered sacred and in god's eyes, shouldnt be given out to anyone. and whwen jesus said eat my blood, he wa holding wine and meant it symbolically, not literally."
marketable mean that they think they can get people to pay for your service a a model. you fit an appropriate marketing area.
"he's a twit, and unworthy of your concerns.. . -sd-"
"no not at all, in other country they use a drop or two of bleach in there drinking water to sterilize it. also if you let it sit for a day or two after you bleach it, the bleach will evaporate.. . another option is white vinegar, safe and just a effective."
contact the airline for specific instructions.. . also contact the embassy.....they might have regulations.
"they love to watch movies, stroll,, go on trips, play games, do part time jobs, attend concert go to malls, do some sports, watch tv, read book etc etc. . you can ask for the nearest university, or community where they have summer festival programs,"
"walk dogs, wash cars, deliver newspapers, recycle cans. maybe your old enough for an allowance. talk to your parent about some chore you might be able to do around the house to earn an allowance."
i had an a-hole cheat on me. he's now my ex-husband. cheater suck and they are cowards.
"it depends on the context since 'caballero' ha 2 meaning in spanish: knight and gentleman. so, it could be: the gentleman's house or the knight's house."
"there is no scriptural backing for this concept of hell in the torah.. . this is a christian concept, and if you consider an all loving g-d then hell make no sense what's so ever. especially considering the biggest reason they give for going there is lack of belief."
"i doesn't really bother me. when myself, or my kids, get the good job out there in the world, the other kid who will end up working at mcdonald's can ask me, ""wud u lke fri3s 2 go wit tht?"" all they want."
because the holy spirit did not inspire the cardinal to vote for you.. . with love in christ.
"i think it is because yes, they are always somehow hurt or unhappy themselves. or if you have hurt someone -they may try hurting you back so they don't feel humilated or a hurt themselves. it's often a form of protection."
to dry himself? not sure about you...but my shower us water. and im usualy soaked when i get out.
"because company would rather sacrifice health for taste to sell there product to unsuspecting/uneducated consumers.. . their mentality is that it doesn't matter if it's bad for you, because it taste good and at the end of the day it sells."
"i don't know, but i miss it! i really enjoyed it, that and caffiene free mountain dew, what ever happened to that one too??"
hi! i love indigo blue because it reminds me of the night sky.
i don't know which one you are talking about. but all do not do that. (sigh)
"i wa in graduate school for economics. the primary motivation, overall, is so that you can teach at the university level."
they use that due to it resemblance to popcorn kernels. the bag is supposed to be reminiscent of a uncooked bag of jiffy pop brand popcorn.
"when abbott and costello landed on venus in 1953, they find it inhabited by all of the runner-up for the miss america contest of 1952 and no men. btw, the woman have invented eternal youth so they never grow old and never have to reproduce."
"for the same reason all text from that period do, they thought that the world they knew wa all there was. they didn't know about other country or continents."
think you'll find it's all the alchohol you've been drinking the night before thats making you wanna puke........... greasy bacon and egg butty anyone?????
why = kendra. kendra = me. therefore me=why. therefore i am hymew
"this, i think, is what is now called 'lesbianism. & a way to work up orgasm between two females..."
it's a leaf that is grown on tree in austalia. koala bear eat them.
i suggest taking up a more extereme religion. pick a really crazy one where your punishment for doing this to your child is chopping off your arm or something. .. if you lose enough limb even if you still want to hit your kid you cant!!
"it doesn't just happen to hard boiled eggs, a raw egg will explode also. i believe this happens because when heated pressure is created inside the egg & the shell is sealed, so no gas can escape, and eventually the pressure becomes too great for the shell to withstand it, and it pops."
"short answer is, some folks, out of necessity or desire, grow up faster than others. it's good that you've seen fit to be mature so quickly, but the truth is, a lot of folk are still keen on, if not entirely obsessed with, their childhood and teenage toys..... . and i'm saying this a someone who still remembers his old atari 2600 and intellivision primitive video game a bit too fondly. :p"
"game theory refers to the mathematical method of deciding the best decision to make in order to maximize your benefit. of course, this applies to game like chess, checkers, but it can also apply to business decision and artificial intelligence."
because it is corporate owned. big business want a docile population that consumes not think and want to change things.. . that man wa a true visionary and a real artist btw
"well, it is a major issue ,but it doe not have a much of a reason in which that should have a recognized day. a for fighting for independence, woman rights, civil leader and etc. do not get me wrong it is a very serious issue ,but the medium or cabinet member do not find it a serious."
"wine and beer both have alcohol and alcohol make you more relaxed. chemical found in alcohol react with your body's chemistry and prevent neuron to produce 'action potentials' which are signal that determine your body's response/action. alcohol is a depressant and it make it also make it more difficult for your 'action potentials' to cause your resting potential to reach threshold and thus, your ability to think, move and do any type of action is partially disabled."
"who said you can't get what you want? if you really want something, you will be ready to pay the price to get it, or to deal with the consequence in order to get it or to make any sacrifice to get it.. you can have anything, just compromise yourself, setup a strategy, be patience, get advice from those whom got what you want, be discipline about get it, don't give up and don't listen to those that tell you can't have it. (maybe they can't)."
"but you can go to to the actual store and buy the stuff to make a salad for about $2, and the buy the stuff to make the burger combo it would cost a lot more than that. so, it's just the fast food junk that cost more. maybe the ""junk"" fast food is cheaper because it's easier for them to store and prepare - salad ingredient take more labor to chop and also don't last a long."
your right. you can soak it for 2 week and it still taste like plain chicken doesn't it?
it requires much more active farming to grow organic one must prevent and get rid of pest without poison and enrich the soil with natural enhancement and without chemical fertilizer material and labor is far more expensive and intensive in growing organic. shipping may also be more expensive because volume is lower .. there may be more loss because pest damaged food cannot be sold and artificial colorants cannot be used to improve appearance.
"the actual pronunciation of aliyah is ah-lee-yah with the accent on the last syllable. it's a hebrew name, and that's the hebrew pronunciation."
"take the amtrak from penn station to rochester.. . better yet, take a local flight (yes, rochester ha an airport). it'll save you alot of time."
"interesting is when people say something like ""there are no contradictions, show me just one!"" but actually there are contradiction on every page, there are thousands. and those bible worshiper have to work hard to try to reconcile the mess. they're intellectually dishonest just like the roman who made their bible."
"haha! i'm so jealous!. . not drunk enough, if you're able to type!"
"hey it simple to get a govt bus to tirupathi, every 20 min - 30 min u have bus from cmbt( chennai metro bus terminus) at koyembedu. also u have luxury private bus fromthe same place but a little away from the cmbt. also u can p[refer train there are few train that pass tirupathi and few train the go for tirupathi. can board from central rly stn."
look it up online. i know there are ton of recipe out there for it.
"i'm not sure what you mean.. i buy cheap white tees, and design iron-on transfer for the front. very individual."
"get a customer-facing job. something where you're required to talk with customer all day long.. . i guarantee, you'll develop confidence and assertiveness."
"hot chocolate, milkshakes, chocolate sauce,. ice cream, ice lollies, use them with other ingrediants to make cake such a choc fudge cake or cookies, make a nice cappacino or mocha just add some hot water and coffee"
"there is humidity in sc (anywhere in the south actually) but after a while you get used to it. there will be day that you will be begging for the ac and there are day that it will be the same temperature but there's a breeze and it feel wonderful. usually the closer you are to the coast the better the breeze. also, i recommend charleston over myrtle beach."
"sahaja yoga (sahaja meaning born with and yoga meaning union) is a type of meditation, religion and yoga. it claim to be ""a unique method of meditation based on an experience called self-realization (kundalini awakening) that some believe occurs within each human being."
ridiculous. why must people continue to banter on and on. this is the reason we dont have more racial harmony in the world. some people just cant let old demon die.
"a luthier is a person who build or repair stringed instruments.either bowed or plucked. include violin, all kind of guitars, cellos.violas, double basses, lute and mandolins.the french and the english refers to the art of constructing string instruments.the name luthier harkens back to early lute-maker. in the u.s.a. the term '' luthier"" in only rarely used."
instead of lemon you can use vinegar to make paneer. for 1 litre milk you can use about 4 tablespoon of vinegar to make paneer.
yep very wiered isn't it . to hit and your off the court.
"why not just use butter if you're going to drench your food in it anyway? i kind of defeates the purpose of the spray.. . spray on margarine is better for you than solid because there's le hydrogenated oil in it. but personally i think if it's not butter, why take the risk?"
"comedian have known for year that ""k"" word are funny. . . tomato isn't funny; pickle is."
"in addition to finding a professional appraiser, flip over the picture and look closely for slight indention in the paper where dark outline or fill are. most original will leave slight indention (an embossment) on the underside of the drawing."
with a cloak of hummingbird feathers. . . at least that's what i remember from my teenage obsession with mythology.
"in most cultures, black signifies death. in some, white doe (i think in india)."
"copyright is the way to go, but if the money is an issue for you try this...... mail a copy of your drawing to yourself by certified mail with a return reciept. when you recieve it do not open it. if there is ever an issue with someone copying it then you have proof of the date that yours wa created. they call it a poormans copyright."
this one guy asking god to bring him his slipper and to hurry up. weirdo. and this other guy asking u why we have a cross for our symbol if we are christian.
it's divergence. i'm from australia and it's the same thing. word evolve into different/ slang meanings.
jut get up and do it. start with one thing and move form there sometimes when you see a project and it to big it overwhelming so try breaking it down so it seem s llike a bunch of little task that you can complete faster
it is of course the nickname given to the pillow that go under one's butt when one is too short to see over the steering wheel. (short for bunkushion.)
"busch garden is alright, they have a florida resident special to busch garden and adventure island for about $72. the cheapest way to go is to rent a vehicle and get one of those hotel saver book and you'll be good to go. because i'm leaving next week"
"""sugar is by nature highly hydroscopic, meaning that it attracts moisture. cooky are much higher in sugar than bread, but lower in moisture. when bread and cooky are placed together in a closed container, the moisture in the bread raise the ambient humidity. in an attempt to equalize the moisture level of the two, the sugar in the cooky attracts the humidity provided by the bread and the cooky soften."""
"the freudian view would be that when something is forbidden, we try consciously suppressed. thereby giving mental energy to that particular object. it find a way into the subconscious and erupts a desire. it like saying don't think of a white monkey."
"get latex thickener from an art specialist shop or theatrical makeup shop.. . if in london uk try alec terranti in warren street, off tottenham court road near warren street tube station, victoria line."
"tree in az???. . buy em in ca, plant them in az, make sure to use lot of that water you guy steal from co.. . cactus and succulent are a lot easier and cheaper."
"lol funny but this works.............take one noodle and throw. it against the wall, if it stick it done.. no really it works. hahaha, usually about 10 min or so. hope it taste good!"
"bluntly, it's an idol. it is a statue or form that is worshipped."
i would suggest reforming your question to be a bit more specific. do you mean violently aggresive? do you mean sexually aggresive? do you mean bitchy?
"a regimen is a structured activity, like a diet or daily excercise. so, a push-up regimen would mean doing push-ups on a structured schedule, like every morning."
urinate in the punch then go home... revenge is sweet
"personally, i don't do either, but people smoke because once they start, the nicotine in the cigarette get them addicted immediately. so, they really can't help it -- they're addicted. a for drinking, the body develops a tolerance for alcohol after a certain amount of time so they can drink more and more. peer pressure could be one of the reason why people drink/smoke =/"
"a person with an addiction to gambling will not be able to stop playing whether winning or losing. however almsot all game in a casino give the house a considerable advantage, meaning in the long term the player will always lose money."
"the song are fantastic, the plot is average. diana degarmo should be fantastic a brooklyn. if you have a chance definitely go see it."
"listen, bird with the same feather, flock together.. . it's just that your gay that's why gay people flock with you."
you mean our dear friend mainworry. he think his god is a big toe bug squasher of the unrighteous. apparently that's a good thing because the unrighteous includes you and me.. . some of the quality attributed to the god of love are truly baffling at times....
"any nut that come off of a tree. pecans, walnuts, etc."
love ... only love can change this world. love everyone and everything ... and u will recieve love in turn.
"sotc is an excellent tour operator, if you are looking for group packages. if you wanna look out for indiviual packages, you should avoind sotc and should go in for india holidays, khar(w), mumbai."
"i don't know, but i don't think there would be a problem returning to israel next time. israel *normally* work on the ""machar"" system--everything is always late. they'll do what they can to get money from you, but i don't think anyone would hold it against you.... . but check with your local israeli consulate to be sure."
"i don't know who you've been talking to, but everyone i know is extremely happy about getting pregnant. some tried for a long time before it happened for them. it is joyous, not horrid."
here's a receipe! look yummy!. give me a feed back! ;)
"primarily to provide consistency in what a certain time mean everywhere. your day start in the am and end in the pm. we're all on the same 60 minutes, so ultimately it's not that difficult."
because they haven't yet built an enclosure big enough to house them all. hopefully it's just a matter of time though
"becuase grape juice is made from concord grapes, which are rarely available at the supermarket. you can find them in farmer's market sometimes or at the county fair if your from a region that grows them. supermarket grape when juiced taste like ""white"" grape juice."
"charles chaplin had many role and few responsibilities, that wa why he wa so funny.. however a military chaplain is a priest, rabbi, minister, or whatever serving both his country and his parishioner at the same time. he ha the same role and responsibility a any other minister, however he may at time give the same advice and solace to others not of his specific religion."
"deep fried, broiled, or grilled? if deep fried, did you leave the fur on?"
you really know your stuff. . . keep fighting the good fight !
"olivia mean olive tree. source that i consulted stated it wa of greek, latin or old english origins. however, given that england isn't known for it olive trees, i would suggest the name originated in the meditterreanean. it is a classic name but ha really grown in popularity in the past two decades."
think you have your term wrong it is circumcision just like christians. it is done to keep the penis clean
i think because it is made like fried chicken. i saw chicken fried chicken on a menu a few day ago i wa like wtf?
"i believe they're trying to test our ""gag"" factor. maybe they get a chuckle when people puke up their lunch. ;-]"
i have no problem whatsoever with them.. . i don't get why people still act so **** stupid with racism and all that.
"yeah, a lot of people in power aren't big on opposition. god threw adam and eve out of the garden of eden, the spanish inquisition burned anyone who they decided wa a 'heretic"", the british tossed gandhi into prison, american cop beat and sicced dog on people fighting for their civil rights, the s. african government did the same with mandela. it take a lot of ball to stand up for what is right - and sometimes you have to pay the ultimate price."
use a feather lightly dipped in paint. practice a few time and it'll be easy. good luck!
"""polymer clay is fine particle of polyvinyl chloride (pvc) suspended in plasticizer"". i doubt there is any easy way to make it yourself. if there wa i guess it would not be so expensive."
"because, if people really want to shop outside...they usually dress warm!!"
"i think dream are a way for the brain to have release. just like we would sit down and read a book or whatever just to have a break. although, maybe sometimes dream could be prophetic, just depends on how you look at it. if we didn't have dreams, how would our brain discard all the junk that go into it?-we would probably be out in the world doing some of the thing that take place in our dream and the world would be total chaos."
some people take the topic of dance seriously. please take these off-topic question to the other category where they belong. thank you.
"spring, when it is bright! no clouds... just sunny clear skies.... idk why just like being able to be outside... and not worry about rain..."
"it is one of those things, i mean they call a bum bag a fanny pack! what's that about"
"it come in plastic, too. shop around a little!"
"saint andrew wa the first apostle of jesus christ. brother of simon peter, and follower of john the baptist. ... the truth is, the st. andrew cross flag ha always been a symbol of independence, and defiance ...its orgins is from scotland"
i have seen that. it is a matter of ego. they want to say something and they don't realize that they are too stupid.
because this way your cheek are evenly red. it would be like putting on blush on one cheek only if you didn't. it equal your coloring out.
the enchanted garden is in the ground of groombridge place. their website will provide you with more information and travel directions.
"you're right, it's mexican slang. chale it's an accepted word for some bad expression like f***k, hell, etc. it's a word that express annoyance. chale and chales mean the same."
"the root of the hebrew word ester is saiter, meaning ""concealment."" her name articulated her very essence -- the ability to pierce the wall of concealment and find god where others could not."
of course god did. emotion were automatically apart of our being.
yes to all of teh above. once science ha proved all there can be to prove then yes god will become obselete but he would be obselete before then. it may be many many year to get to that point though.
it's not. i know several people who brew their own beer and wine at home...
"it made it possible for the u.s. to enter ww 11 in spite of the strong opposition to ""another european war"" by isolationist who were powerful politically.. most american did not know that japan had very good, expert military/naval forces, and assumed they'd be defeated in a few months."
the color and name on the package? basically same thing. most candy bar are a look alike for another candy bar. very few are unique.
because maximum number of rape case come from delhi. the men in delhi are cheap and have no respect for women.
"mudasir = handsome. . mudathir = the cloaked one, the man wearing a cloak, the clothed one"
bc - before christ . bce - before the common era (introduced since not everyone is a follower of jc )
"depends. 1- i'm either getting thrown out for being to messed up, meaning it ti'me to go anyway.2-im being thrown out for getting into a fight meaning it ti'me to take it outside.3-i just met a great guy meaning, im ""being taken"" to his place."
i dont think 'partnered' is a slang here. it just mean partner a in relationship
i don't know but i miss them. i will be watching the other answer
"well it seems to me that some people are offended easier than others. i'm welsh , people call me taffy, i don't get offended!"
those are good answer . but you also have to block that user and you have to remove the from your buddie list . click yahoo messenger scroll to privacy go to ignore. put the person id you want to ignore click yes click ok at the bottom if you have them on your buddie list go to contact on ur buddie list and delete their name
"if you are an american citizen then you will probably not be able to work legally in france. . . moreover, the unemployment rate among young people is more than 20% so job are scarce even for french citizens."
"it cannot be done without surgery.. . do not attempt to change it.. . if the curve or ""bend"" is extreme, it can be a sign of a problem which will require medical treatment."
"a everyone said, a mexican american. it originated around the 60's when a whole bunch of civil right stuff wa taking place, and the young people started calling themselves ""chicanos"" to show their ethnic pride."
"there's tolerance and there's such a thing a too much tolerance. if you meet somebody who is sexually interested in little kids, would you condider that ""his style""? or if somebody's a racist?"
i think you must have seen horror films.i also wa afraid at night after i saw harry potter. so you shouldn't see horror film and think about dangerous thing . because there is no such thing a ghost.. bye .
"just call yourself ""spiritual"". then thank the higher power that this great country and your parent gave you the freedom to choose your belief rather than forcing you to be programmed to think a certain way and hate or pity those that disagree. then thank good karma that you are an intelligent person."
"in my opinion, to enlighten and broaden your mind in understanding the other person beliefs.....however, that doesn't always turn out that way. seeing different way that a culture or person thinks, the reason why they do or say certain things."
"it is mostly known a ""caloian"". scaloian is a rain ritual in romania which is celebrated during severe draught season or when rain pours in ambundance. in a way, it is similar in some conduct with a ritual called ""parapuda"" and this is common in wallachia (southern part of romania) and among the aromanians of greece. in this ritual, young girl with merely protruding tit make several dolls, most important being either ""father of sun""(for draught) or ""mother of rain""(for excessive rain) to be buried with the traditional burial."
"they followed the teaching that they had heard from preacher before them. just like everything back then, by word of mouth passing it on through the generations."
dont be prejudiced.. . you can only change yourself.
"human invent god in their own image so it should be fairly simple to discern his truths.. . just ask yourself. since you invented him, you should know what he thinks."
"don't wait until they're teenager to guide them. instill good value and moral in them. the bible say in proverb 22:6 to train up a child in the way he should go: and when he is old, he will not depart from it."
"the term ""passion killings"" (as far a i know) mean that a spouse or someone who wa in a relationship with the diseased killed them out of rage, jealousy, grief, speculation, etc. anything that can set someone off really and they just killed someone they were with. hence the word 'passion'."
"""wag the dog"" baby, ""wag the dog"". you next question should be why did 9-11 coincide with a declining approval rating?"
what intellect have to do with philosophical view? philosophic view are introspective thought and observation of the obvious
",don't think it does. our immune system change with every thing we come in contact with, don't think it would explain evolution of any thing but the immune system."
enable message archiving and all your offlines would be stored.. . goto contacts>message archive
"psychology is my favorite subject. i love entering the human thought process and seeing one deepest thoughts,passion,desires"
"it really depends on the tradition, and folklore you are dealing with, for example in irish folklore brigid's height of power is on her feast day feburary 2nd imbolc, oimlec, candlemas, where in germanic heathenry friday is freya's day. the crone dieties are usally in power during samhain... ie cerridwen, noticula hecate, dame holda etc. the mother goddess are typically venerated at yule or the birth of the holly king.... . you could read nigel pennick's ""pagan book of days"" or ""gods & goddesses"" by dj conway, also kisma stepanich ha a book called ""the gaia tradtion"", that list goddess for the seasons."
"you come to the computer with a heavy question and ... you think you are going to get a decent answer from 95% of the people here??? don't you realize that 95% of the people here are at most 15, have little or no life experience under their belt, and you want to hear advice from them??? i am not being a smart @$$...just honest. i seriously doubt that i would take my advice, let alone ask for it here."
"may be, ............... but it's not always. unconscious mind , or sixth sense or spiritual power guide u in our dream and if we can understand it it will guide u in our life. . pinki."
"the person is sentanced to death by a lethal injection, and not by. infection, thats why.. . justice till the very end."
"you may be giving people a free ticket to the freak show, i suggest you slap your parent for putting you in this predicament--they are to blame. but be proud that you are a freak. embrace your inner freak and those around you will eventually see that ""freak"", though not normal, is acceptable. you may also have some internalized ""freak-o-phobia going on--talk to your therapist about this."
"the historical reason is because if the woman is polygamous, the man ha no idea if the offspring he is supporting is his own.. . you'll never hear someone say ""i'm the father, but i don't know who the mother is!""."
"i've traveled from one end of this country to the other and i've seen it everywhere. i think it come from the ""all about me"" garbage kid are taught in school. they simply don't care about anyone but themselves and they figure since it's not legal to hit them you won't. they just do what ever they want."
"beacuase your body is dehydrated, you should drink ots of water before you go to sleep, have a multi-vitamen before bed help too. it also depends on factor before you even start drinking such a how much food you have in you, your metabolism etc."
rajan is a sanskrit word and it meaning is a king. is ur name rajan?
"more on the their penis when they ...you know. imma a virgin, i dont know this stuff"
"we eat it spread thickly on toast in the morning, we eat it a a hot sauce with steamed sponge pudding, we eat it a a glaze on the outside of a baked ham, and when we're feeling ever so naughty we eat it with a spoon, straight from the jar!!!"
"having ""cold feet"" mean being afraid to take an action, especially one that the person already agreed to. so, for example, a person might get engaged to be married, but then get ""cold feet"" before the wedding, because he or she is not sure whether to go ahead with it."
"true, many of the question are idiotic. ps: you misspelled ""offensive."""
"hey, you've come up with one of the finest question i have ever come across. it's a really tough job to measure or evaluate the honesty of a person."
"i know, and when you play video game and press the button really hard like it's going to make a difference (my kid do this). or when you're in the passenger's seat of the car and the driver look like they're not going to brake in time before hitting another car, so you start pushing your foot through the floorboard like it's going to help. i think it's just a psychological thing, because so many thing that we do will respond better and faster if we push harder (like a door that's stuck, or a tight lid on a jar)."
"you're most likely lactose intolerant. . contrary to popular belief, they contain real milk"
because a flame can represent the soul. it's a way to remember that the soul doesn't die.
they are but price for gas right now are through the roof. try at least $3.50 for a gallon of gas. everything is more expensive. there are a lot of local who don't like tourist/ military here.
"pride essentially is what sin is, it is believing that what you do is right regardless of what god says. and it is the deadliest sin because it is the only one that you are blind to."
you have to call the social security office and have them mail you a form to fill out requesting a new one or just go in person to the office. you'll need your driver license or i.d. and i think your birth certificate.
"search ebay, replacement limited, antique trader. you can also go to most major book store and find book that can tell you."
"well, with the first one you would get punched in the face. with the second one, you would get a real good beating."
"i lived in siena for two year and it is such an absolutely amazing place! but make sure that when you are looking around tuscany that you experience it yourself, and not with a tour, because you will enjoy it much more without some tour guide nagging you to stop looking at the scenery and hurry up! have fun"
you must be biggest son of satan. go straight to the hell.
"just listen to them both...... but thats the best you can do, do not suggest anything cuz they must be responsible for their own actions..... you dont want to take responsibility of being a home wrecker... do not at anytime suggest that they breakup with their existing partner and try each other out..... cuz they might blame you for the disasterous results. just ask them to talk to each other and sort thing out for themselves...... . good luck"
"no it not. have you read the tell-tale heart?. by edgar allen poe?. read it, it a pretty good story"
"at least in some cases, red paint is the sturdiest and longest lasting, so it's simple economics. of course, you know why fireman wear red suspenders? to keep their pant up, of course. tumultous laughter..."
"it's adam and yves, not adam and eve.. . (wouldn't that blow some people's mind about gay marriage?)"
"whichever religious body that use *tactics*, are manipulator who only want to control. motivation is impure."
"it started century ago when someone wished for something and it came true, but at the expense of someone else. for example: let say: a woman wish for lot of money so she could buy all the thing her family needs, and a few day later, her husband, whom she love dearly, dy in a car wreck. a week later she receives an insurance policy check in the amount of $ 100,000.00, (a life insurance policy she didn't know her husband had), well, she got her wish, she had all the money she wanted, ( but at the expense of her husband)! that's what they mean by: be careful of what you wish for!"
"no, i do not agree. the prison system is not built on retribution, it is built on punishment and deterance. whether or not anyone is actually detered is another matter."
"i have always wondered that. it make more sense to say ""left a dump"" but we don't say that. the english language is just crazy."
i am not sure where you are from but here in toronto yes woman can go topless in the streets. but like a man they have to cover up when going into a store. woman here fought it either men keep there shirt on or we are aloud to remove ours. but in sport you are right that is not fair.
all of those numerous interview give it publicity. thats why it continues to make money. if it were ignored then sale wouldn't be where they are.
"ok, so answer me this question...how do you know that guy in corporate gym and different company do this??"
"well for one it ha one of the greatest art collection in the world. above and beyond that, it is really significant to the history of france. it started a a fortress and then wa the official royal residence for the king of france."
in a plastic bag away from the air. it'll lose moisture quickly if you don't. if it start to get too dry just put some water on it.
"artsmart, . why are you asking so many question about the people of india!!!. are in indian obsessed???"
"yes, it mean ""blue ribbon"" in french. it is also the name of one of the world's best culinary school (paris).. . chicken cordon bleu is a recipe using chicken, ham and swiss cheese, rolled up, breaded and baked. the recipe wa developed at the cordon bleu school."
"for my wedding, we got full sheetcakes, and they fed 94 each. (that's the typical wedding size piece... adjust if you want a larger/smaller serving). so... i'm guessing a half would feed around 47."
"yes to all... bud ha 5% alc/vol, bud light ha 4.2% alc/vol , bud ha 145 calories, bud light ha 110 calories, and yes their brewed different...depending on the company they use different method to get the end result of light beer. but most company really dont talk about them much, i assume because light beer is more of an engineered beer than a naturally brewed regular beer"
"and what a good christian you are, too.. . jesus would be very proud of you for loving thy neighbor a thyself."
yes i'm afraid that society a a whole is getting rudder in all cultures. i find the more polite i am with people the better the response i get from them....so if this is the case then the polite people like you and i have the advantage.
"in a typical river, the current is usually strongest in the center of the river. the area by the bank of the river are usually fairly placid, and can be used for paddling back up. at times, though, it wa necessary to portage around area where the current wa too strong to paddle against."
logic isn't a science. it's a tool of science.
the answer is simple....no one is actually from america since it's a new country (200+ year old etc). most people are migrant from previous generation and so feel patriotic to the country that gave their forefather opportunity.
religiousism (is that a word?) contributes to global warming because all of the praying warms our heart and cause a generally warmer environment. who knew?
"global dimming is the gradual reduction in the amount of global hemispherical irradiance (or total solar irradiance) at the earth's surface, observed since the beginning of systematic measurement in 1950s. the effect varies by location, but worldwide it is of the order of a 5% reduction over the three decade from 1960–1990. this trend ha reversed during the past decade. global dimming creates a cooling effect that may have partially masked the effect of greenhouse gas on global warming."
"when a person ha been taking addictive drugs, certain chemical in the body are replaced by ""look-alike"" drug that not only duplicate the original chemicals, but they have other, debilitating, side effects.. . when these ""look-alike"" drug enter the body, the body quits trying to produce the original chemicals.. . when these ""look-alike"" drug are removed, the body take time to start generating the original chemicals, so the body is missing some very important chemicals, so the body go through ""withdrawals"" while the body begin to create these drug again."
"pantheism is a metaphysical and religious position. broadly defined it is the view that (1) ""god is everything and everything is god … the world is either identical with god or in some way a self-expression of his nature"""
"i think they're afraid you'll walk away and leave it, and it might burn. sometimes the timer on the popcorn setting is too long for a particular brand, and it scorch or even catch fire. if you know the brand you use is ok with the setting, then go ahead. but you should keep your eye on it anyway."
"people who claim to believe the bible have either never read it, or totally lack the ability to objectively analyze what they read or hear.. . the bible is a book of mythology, ha nothing to support it's accuracy from a historical view, is contradictory and for the most part incomprehensible gibberish.. . can you believe some people assert that because jerusalem or other place that existed (egypt, babylon, syria, etc) are mentioned in the bible, the bible must be true? hard to believe how gullible some people are."
"if someone told you that you could fit your fist into your mouth, they would probably not be very happy with you. sure, it could literally mean jamming your fist in your mouth, but it usually mean you can't keep your mouth shut or that you have a big mouth. you either told a secret or something you weren't supposed to tell, or you don't know when to shut up!"
~~meaning: the dweller at the ledge estate and a sheltered town. . origin: old english~~
"have a passport. for a mexican, visiting canada is nothing like visiting the united states. you can buy a ticket and have a passport - that's it.. . if you have further question feel free to ask a travel agent or airline you plan to travel."
"get a whole bunch of cuddly kittens. then everyone will say, ""awe!"""
"lime and vinegar.. literally, just a drop of vingear mixed with fresh lime juice...do it all of the time..works like a charm."
"i agree with proficient, but i would point out that some people believe the mind, the perception of reality, is actually separate from the brain. some of those people also believe the mind both predates the brain and survives it, too."
a the water filter the smoke. b the smoke is cooler and you can take a bigger gulp. c they get very stoned
"what make you think equality is realistic, important or even appropriate. people have different level of talent, ability and, quite frankly, merit. these thing cluster in certain populations, including race."
"i,m muslim and i say if it true, that muslim did not understand islam right. because in islam we learn that we not force any one to convert in islam. in the beginning of islam we had big force ,but we did not kill any one to be a muslim for example when muslim went to egypt thechristains egyptian themeselves helped the muslim because the the injustice of the roman and the mercy and the freedom which the muslim gave them and we return to egyptian their church which the roman had taken of them."
research kim philby. he wa a double agent. you'll find your way from there.
"well my good ole state of iowa is working on that for you, we have quite a few ethanol factory here. and haven't you heard of e-85 flex fuel? we have those car here and there are commercial for them. if not google e-85 and you'll get some info on it."
glaeken is a character out of the 1983 movie the keep. he wa played by scott glenn.
"hydrogenated oil, literally is oil that ha been hydrogenated. hydrogenation is the process that change unsaturated fat to saturated fat (saturated with hydrogen atoms). saturated fat are good for you, unsaturated fat are bad for you."
"a far a plastic surgery, people should never do it for others---they should only do it if it is going to make them feel better about themselves.. . people should not be obsessed about their appearance, but i do feel like they should do the best they can with what they have. . yes some people are going to have skin problems, weight problems, etc...but what is the excuse for not having good hygiene or dressing like a slob in stained t-shirt when they go out in public?"
"you don't. you put the lime in the coke, you nut."
"ok whats mean? u guy love working on cars, instead of spending time with u girls, or if ur a prep guy, then there is no race cuz they take the cake. we want to show u guy that we like u so we dress up just for u."
"more to the point, where could you smoke one if you cold find one in the first place? 'tis a puzzle."
you don't need a licences. all you need is to have model release form filed out and filled with the government stating that they meet age requirments.
because people suck it (sometimes they lick it though).. . i always wondered why people called it a lollipop!
"there wa already a question about this, dutch is derived from the term deutsch (german), but they meant the people from the netherlands. holland consists of some province (north, south and zeeland) famous from the golden age (united east indian company, voc), combined with other province it make up the netherlands."
"that's the same a asking why do some just drop in and others make such a splash you need to dry off your whole as before wiping your butt!!!!! lmfao, i'm sorry, i don't know why, maybe the floater are all the rice cake and salad you eat, low in fat, you know light and airy, and the sunken one are those gool old rib-eyes!!!!!! heavy, and like the titanic, just drop on down to the bottom!!!!!!"
"we get irritated because we lack patience and we expect the unexpected. do introspection and find out how much imperfect you are, your capacity to tolerate imperfection in others will gradually increase."
feature dancer are the girl who are on tour and represent magazine such a playboy or penthouse or any other such. they normally come in only for a day or two and then move on to somewhere else.
"hey! i am not american, but i think that not all of them are like this. just some of them."
"the best way is using photoshop,however if you have never colorized using photoshop it can be a little overwhelming to figure out.if you only have a few photo to do, i have listed a free software it is called recolored. . recolored make colorizing your black and white photo a relatively simple task.. to add color to a photo, all you have to do is add marking to the different region of the image, indicating how it should be colorized. then click the colorize button and let the software do the rest.. recolored is free for non-commercial use, window only."
"it ha a soothing effect. dog are more sensitive to stress and emotions, lettuce also attract them quickly it is the close thing to natural grass a they can get. if you eat lettuce you will become drowsy,it is an ingredient in aspirin and sleep aids."
"try the site of your local library, library of congress and any university library you may have access to. also use whatever fact you already know a a starting point--for example if you know the entrypoint for any of your ancestor (eg., elli island) you can do a search there. do a search based on the family association or cultural heritage society in the area that you know you had family members. below are two site to get you started.. good luck!"
"legal immigrant are allowed to have most of teh right to which citizen are entitled. in general, this includes ownership of property, and the right to keep and bear arms."
"glace fruit is made by repeatedly heating the fruit in a strong syrup. cherry tend to lose their colour when this is done, so they have added red coloring."
"speaking a a former atheist, there is a great deal of bitterness engendered by the treatment they receive from christian churches. my parent became atheist because of the rampant hypocrisy in the church in which they were raised, and i, having realized the hypocrisy and chosen atheist at a young age, innocently professed it at school, where i wa taunted, kicked, beaten, and generally mistreated by teacher and student alike. i learned to hate christianity and christian and have only recently come to term with the fact that jesus had some good points, it's just his follower that are a problem.. . this is just my experience, but perhaps it will answer your question."
"bake the cake in an oven safe bowl..for the round shape at the base of the cap. for the flat part cut out a square of cardboard and cover with tin foil or saran wrap, then cover with the icing."
"pho is fuh, like fun . fu-(n) (not foh)"
this is exactly why i am a creationist. i've studied microbiology and i cannot see how rna or dna could have invented itself.
"actually, many organic product do taste better. i.e., i do not like the thin taste of regular one-percent milk, but i enjoy fat-free organic milk."
"uhmm...i think it's a one big cigarette which wa commonly used in the west. but nowadays woman are the one who smoked ""cougar"" the most.especailly the 40 or 50s...possibly to show others that theyre still sexy and spicy"
"the french quarter wa hardly touched by katrina, but part of the garden district were completely destroyed (remember the arson?). in other parts, they are still finding body and many many place haven't been touched since the hurricane."
"the swastika remains a core symbol of neo-nazi groups, ... in all these culture the swastika symbol doe not appear to occupy any marked position"
"if the other person ha broadband in ghana, you can use a free voip solution like skype or yahoo! messenger with voice.. . if only you have broadband, you can try a service like vonage, which ha rate from $0.11-$0.20, depending on where in ghana."
"because government position do not get paid a much a other activities. for example the president only make approximatly $200,000 a year. george bush ha made million in the oil industry. i am not suggesting that bush is taking bribes, but using his two career a an example of how government payroll pale in comparison to the potential of personal interest and lobbys."
you read the bible. then you tell people about what you read. it's easy.
"it's human nature. but we can teach ourselves to look beyond the superficial and learn to appreciate, love and accept people for who they truly are inside. the ""media standard"" of beauty ha created a stereotypical attractive package. there is so much disperity in treatment based on how you look, and it is absolutely dead wrong."
"the last major cavalry battle wa the battle of komarów in 1920. . . the last cavalry charge in modern warfare were seen in the second world war, where polish and cossack cavalry regiment scored unexpected success against german armored advance and heralded a minor revival in the midst of the war's leaning towards mobile warfare"
hey yojik !. light is something which reveals the darkness and thing hidden in it.. so light come to those when they realise that they r doin a sin.
"who knows? i try to be nice and friendly to everybody,but some people are just plain nasty."
"just write ""lion and unicorn"" it's dead annoying took me ages, i think it's just co it can only recognice certain phrases!!"
"i wouldn't recommend that. raw potato is not good for you, so i wouldn't eat a raw sweet potato either.. . space cadet below......."
"you cannot. if they are unwilling to actively listen to others, walk away."
"it show one the form of the good....that could be one answer; or....a soul is a human creation and is not something that exists outside of human belief and thus studying philosophy cannot ""enrich the soul"". just a thought."
"meria: literal translation of colleen: coll mean girl, een meaning little, therefore colleen mean little girl. i would suggest that kaitlin is short for kathleen, meaning little kate. two lovely names: a short gaelic sentence: 'caw bfuill too ag dull, mo colleen beag deas'. (spelling for pronunciation only) = 'where are you going, my beautiful little girl' or when you are good 'mait an colleen' = good little girl....... slan leat.........."
is a sort of acronym fron 'pedestrian light controlled' crossing. pe-li-con....
talk about weird!. just googled.. lincoln died at 10.10. pentagon got hit at 10.10. united 93 hijacked at 10.10.. . don't know real reason though!
"ibid. adv : in the same place (used when citing a reference) [syn: ib., ibidem]"
"put it in a paper bag with a ripe banana for a couple of days, dont refrigerate and it will ripen quickly.. if i have been in a hurry for one to ripen, i cut it in half, remove the seed and microwave it on low power for 10 seconds. repeat until the avocado is soft enough to use."
"waking up, realizing you wet your bed, stub your toe on the way to the bathroom, realize that your teeth fell out in the middle of the night and that you are losing more hair then ever. get into your car and it won't start, realized you put on two different shoes, break your back trying to reach the oil can to fill up the car so you can get to the nearest gas station, stall on the way there, get to work two hour late and get fired, come home and find your husband/wife in bed with someone else, find out your daughter is a prostitute and that your son just got his gf pregnant and then your house burn down.....phew!"
"during the mid to late 1800s, ""knocked up"" referred to injuring or impairing somebody. it's assumed that it morphed into a pregnancy reference due to the limitation that come with carrying a baby in the womb.. . possibly it is also related to knock in the sense of ""to copulate with"" (1598; cf. slang knocking-shop ""brothel,"" 1860), according to the online etymology dictionary."
"666-it`s number of the beast. very scary story, like in ""omen""."
"good question. to be :abstinent, or monogamous mean restraint and self control and a lot of people don't want to exercise either. they're too selfish to think beyond their immediate desire to have what they want when they want it and don't care about the consequence of their actions. when you point this out, you're considered to be old-fashioned, judgemental, intolerant or a member of the religious right."
it is the nature of chemically based system to be born--to adapt and struggle--then die....the earth and it inhabitant are a chemically based system....we're born..we adapt and struggle and then we die.....it is simply the nature of things----however--our preceptions make thing what they are --to us--to people who know only war--that is their life-----to one that have never experienced it---it's some movie or thought they have--so if you preceive that the world is cruel--to you it is------others see the same thing and see it a the nature of thing and to them --that is how it is---the world is a hard place no doubt--but cruel ?? it is simply being what it is---no more or le
hi it me and i jus' wanna say that sugar make you really hyper. i'm the friend she wa referring to and we called that local radio station and it wa very very funny!
you have to do it by phone. you call your airline directly and provide them with name and flight detail and ask for a reconfirmation and it's done.
"maybe it's the reporting that doe it. our tv and newspaper report any little bit of crime that they can get their hand on. all these little story plus the few serious one make it look like there's nothing but crime here.. do the european news people go to such an extent to report minor crime ? truthfully, i don't know."
i think a lot of fat american would never have gained the weight if they all ran around naked to begin with. covering up the body let you hide your flaw it a lie to conceal this illness of food addiction under all those extra extra extra large clothes .drunks stumble addict on drug fall to the side and are noticed fat people cover it up and hide ther food addiction . we need law to protect u against the medical bill these fatty are gonna cost u in higher health care.. this nude art you speak of need to be adopted by all american freedom to run naked and display our body can only benifit those who need insperation and motivation to live a healthy and happy life.
"just to make it easy for you to distinguish at a glance, where the boundary of each country are. you will notice that map maker are free to choose any colour they want for any country they want, so there is no 'correct' colour for any particular country."
city place ha all kind of restaruants and shops. it also ha live band on the weekends. movieco is there also. city place is only 5 min from the beach.
"the electromagnetic spectrum encompasses all type of wave and is used to categorize those wave by wavelength and frequency. wavelength is calculated by dividing the speed of light by the frequency and since the speed of light is constant, the frequency and wavelength directly effect each other. the standard range for the electromagnetic spectrum is 1 pm at 300 ehz (gamma rays) to 10 mm at 30 hz (extremely low frequency radio waves).. . visible light is a category in near the middle with a range of 380 nm at 790 thz (violet) to 740 nm at 405 thz (red)."
i don't know. i am well over 20 and it is after 11pm. it is past my bed time....
"well, maybe not all muslim are terrorists, but all terrorist are muslims.. besides, if some muslim are not terrorists, they do nothing and say nothing against those that are terrorists. their silence make them accomplice"
"the problem is not that christian believe that the book is fiction, it's that they believe the book claim to not be fiction, and that it is a deliberate lie intended to undermine christianity.. . no sane person, christian or otherwise, belief that the book is anything other than fiction. some people (myself included) believe that it ha some very interesting idea that might just be true, but that doesn't alter the fact that da vinci code is a novel, and should be treated a such."
"yes,. sometimes whats good is not right, and whats wrong is not evil.. for example, telling a lie is wrong but if you have to lie to say save a person life then it is not evil."
"rhyme with genealogy. not sure what you are asking. i haven't heard of this, but i have been out of school for way to long."
"i'm here because my mom and my dad wanted to have a baby and they did.. . maybe it's not anymore complicated than that. maybe there's not a big meaningful, purpose-filled answer. maybe life is what we make it."
"first do you have a girlfriend otherwise i don´t see why stop. second if you are in a sexually active relationship and u still need to masturbate to feel pleasure u need to get someone profesional with couple sexual disfuctions (it happens). third remener to control your drive, anyway try another hobby"
"i think both language belong to fenno-ugrian group, true, language are very very different (i speak finnish but could not understand a word of hungarian, whereas estonian language is very similar to finnish!).. i don't know why the language are in the same group. i'd kind of think that hungarian is in the slavic language group."
"arrogance and confidence are not the same thing. each can occur without the other, although each can occur a a result of the other."
because we are bored. what else to do other than eating?
"ouch, what a memory. cannot use them anymore because the kid will call the cop on you."
"you are right, there may be more than just sleeping together. the phrase is used so that the participant do not need to describe the detail to the people who don't give a shit of what'd happened."
"there is no difference between thee two of them, they both involve the removal of the frontal lobe. besides that there are really no other type of psycho-surgeries."
to keep moron from posting the same dumb question over and over again. i actually wish it were 10 or 20 points.
you are supposed to wear your watch on the hand with which you do not write. i wear my watch on my right hand because i am left-handed.
"the second poster is right, except that it would be more correct to say:. . ""isso não faz sentido para mim"".. . yet the colloquial way is a he said."
"having some issues? go get laid, you'll feel better."
i don't think they do expect that. most people have had a job and still do have a job by college so applying for credit is not a problem.
cuz no one came up with that bright idea yet. why dont you make one yorself?
muslim do not behave like fanatics. fanatic behave like fanatics. you can find fanatic in every religion.
people would rather group all of u together and assume that all young adult cause trouble instead of trying to judge u equally. many also assume this because they judge u inexperienced and irresponsible. there is the problem that some young people are irresponsible and reckless too. elder adult are not willing to take the time to differentiate between those who are responsible and those who can not be trusted.our generation must learn from this error in judgment and attempt not to repeat it.
"to cook it on both sides!!!! otherwise, you would have one burnt side and one raw batter side."
very badly i live in fla and some old folk don't here from family member for year you should be asshamed of your self if this applies to you .when they die you don't even come down here you just want to know where all the money is . you even hire someone to have a yard sale to sell their stuff shame on you yea right you are busy. sorry about the rant but maybe someone gram or gramps will get a call i hope you feel bad call them even if they live near by!!
djnghblghrhdvbhl sdvjbhvjffhvbhfhbj . . and shake your head back and forth while you say it.
the soul is the electrical current that run your brain. so about 1 inch.
"the central bank of many country such a new zealand, australia, canada, england apart from u.s. from the 1990's became more transparent in the inflation tragetting by annnouncing the inflaction target by proper mean of communication. the central bank acted a the inflation targeteers and took the money growth and inflation into consideration for expansion or contraction of money.. ramachandran v."
"it's called a punt. it's unique design allows for every last drop to pour out of the bottle, i believe."
"abercrombie refers to abercrombie and fitch clothing (think much more expensive and fashionable gap).. . i'm not sure what you mean about your ""tag board"", but if you don't like her comments, then ban her. it's that simple."
"i asked some guy that question on the road once after he cut me off. he had no trouble flicking his finger at me, so it's not that."
"becuase people of color basically invented coolness. and yall can't catch on, i mean yall try to wear clothes like us, sing like us, or rap, talk like us. it like yall worship people of color!!!"
i believe you mean why are woman jealous: and they are jealous because they don't want to be cheated on and feel very possesive. the same way men are possesive and jealous.
"lol i have to agree....most come here to work and send there money back to mexico cuz our money is worth twice what thiers is. santa anna last departing word where we will return...damn he wasnt lyin either, texas is full of them"
"see it's all in the mind, there is no clear guideline because you cannot generalise the situation, it all depends on how mature you are and your partner are. moreover in my opinion it doesn't matter whether he is older or not.. see men never mature or bother growing up so and it is scientifically proven woman live longer so there you have it! younger guy = longer companionship!! enjoy your relationship dear."
"consciously try to keep your mouth closed. after a while, it becomes natural."
on my grilled chicken pizza i add everything that you have plus the tomotoes (they shouldn't be greasy) the cheese taste great on this pizza. your pizza sound pretty good and i don't think you need anything else
"i think sarah died of old age, and abraham went and buried her... . lot wife turn to piller of salt.. . i think i remember it a the first person the bible talk about buried, but read it for yourself, i could be wrong."
the g in gymo stand for gymo. i'm not sure about the ymo
"the idea of ground meat came about a a way to not have so much waste. when you cut meat, even the most experienced cutter ha some scraps, so they decided it wa a great way to use the leftover, a well a pas on an economical value to customers."
"most american on this site are just liberal peices of trash. . and that waterglass question wa probably a featured question, all feature question are lame. yahoo wouldn't put up some black crisis on there"
i don't i use the ashtra and when i am smoking out side in a parking lot if someone walk by who ha kid or what ever i put it out. i feel it is my addiction not there and i am the one who choose it. i am not going to hurt other people or animal by doing so.
"it's the act of taking something away.. . to void or annul by recalling, withdrawing, or reversing: her license wa revoked."
"could be this second, could be a certain era. either way, ""now"" is what we should all be concerned with. not the past, not the future, but now."
"apply for the job, and if the costume fit (and you meet their moral standard), voila, you're a princess!!"
"simple.. good quality miced beef (ground beef) preferably organic - not because im a hippy, it just taste load better. a good pinch of salt and pepper and if you like some finely chopped onion (i mean really finely chopped almost blended) for 1lb of beef (makes 4 goodish sized burger use 1/2 a medium onion).. divid into 4, roll into balls, flatten into burger shape then (this is important) place covered into the fridge overnight.. cook a usual (i grill). enjoy"
"just like the saying that the victor write history, it is men who have traditionally been the member of society allowed to write -- whether it wa the bible or dramatic arts, novels, or more recently, film and television. call it the old boy network, or whatever you like, the obvious foil in such instance is women. a more and more woman write, direct, and create, i think you'll see a more even-handed approach, and more men being depicted a the villains."
i am so offended! i need a good cry now. thanks alot!
"it depends on what you are hungry for. if you're talking in lay-man's terms, then it mean that you have eaten for a while and would like to do so. hunger can also mean hungry or in need of other nutrition eg affection, attention, love etc."
"keep society in check. if we had no morals, and i didn't like your question, i could just stab you or something and have no hard feelings."
"because we are not ""figuring out how to create life"" -- that is an assumption, and an incorrect one.. . there have been time where, under very controlled circumstances, biochemist have been able to manufacture amino acids, and these amino acid are the ""building blocks"" of protien, which in turn can be considered ""the building block of life"" -- but any biologist, chemist, or medical researcher will tell you that we are a long, long, long way away from ""creating life"" through any process other than natural procreation."
"it is my latest ""look."" check it out in the new ""derilique"" line of clothing."
"a person who ha confessed christ a lord and follows him.. . roman 10:9 that if you confess with your mouth jesus a lord, and believe in your heart that god raised him from the dead, you will be saved;"
"hand of misery. . misere -> misery. mani -> plural genitive of manus, meaning hand"
maybe you mean 'khafe sho'! it mean shut up!!!
unless someone saw you and got your plate... they can't.
"god is a force. it doe not have a gender. it can't and be only one god. and anybody who tell you different is full of shi... er, excrement."
"pasta is a generic term for all shapes. spaghetti is long and thin, lasagne noodle are flat and wide."
"i think you are looking for steve martin's ""pure drivel"". edited on 1998 by hyperion"
the only meaning the document ha is that now you have to share your asset and liability with your partner!!!...unless specified under a marriage contract...i highly recommend you see the movie of intolerable cruelty with george clooney and catherine zeta jones..
"haha. it's not a food, but you can eat it. this shouldn't be in food & drink."
"are you afraid of failure or of being disliked? if not, perhaps you're worried about what type of question you might be asked, or that the application form might either be lengthy or require long- winded answers.. whatever the reason, good luck in getting a job."
"the phrase ""in antiquity"" is usually used by historian and archaeologist to describe something which happened or wa made in pre-biblical times. for example the sentence ""the tomb of the pharoes were robbed in antiquity"" would denote that they were robbed in time contemporary to the burial, rather than indicating they were robbed in say, 1789 ad. an ""antique"" refers to something which is over 100 year old."
"your cake plate need to be 2"" lager than the actual cake. it leaf some room for cutting!"
"it show the anxiety of growing up in an uncertain, post-world-war-ii world. many young people can identify with holden's anxiety and his desire to protect innocence."
"she changed it in honor of a teacher at her school when he becomes mute. he pronounced it glinda, so that's what she changed it to."
"actually, most people butt in to your question when they are still on the main page under all categories, open questions. and you should expect to get answer from everyone, not just gay or les, why post a question if all you are looking for is validation instead of honest opinions."
"always. it is spelled, ""a-l-w-a-y-s."" the answer-- because it is polite and respectful and is part of courting-- (a lost art by men)."
i am 74 % evil. you are very evil. and you're too evil to care.. those who love you probably also fear you. a lot.
"you can always go to a jeweler to find out. in the future, i would advise going to a jeweler you know/trust/have used in the past, so that you don't have to doubt the quality of the goods."
"definitely the genes. lucky them.. . and they can even be 50 lb overweight and carry it well. gene i tell you, unfair ones!"
"it depends what you mean. originally, the cross (or crucifix) wa simply a convenient shape for an instrument of torture, to which a human body could be attached for a humiliating slow death. it is it association with jesus christ which ha caused u to see it a a symbol of suffering, and christian therefore wear it a a reminder of christ's sacrifice. other crosses, such a those found on flag were indicator of clan or nationalities."
probably for the point or they think they really do know the answers. how do you know they're fat computer nerds?
"first you've got to deep freeze the ice cream,. then fry it in some kind of batter. . the deep freeze is to keep it from melting."
i wish i could show u but it kinda hard over the cpu. im an artist u know...
whenever i lie a halo appears around my head!!
"coz the resume contains data only in a typical way that go the same for almost all applicant and it doe not indicate or give an idea about the personality of the applicant which is usually seen through the elegance of the cover letter, the way it is organized, the presentation of ideas, the confidence beyond the lines... and much more. besides a cover letter give the applicant a chance to include detail he could not mention in the resume a well a any remark he would like to add."
yeah there is a lot of filth here! they should clean up.
i bet that he us the doubt and fear in the person's heart he is talking to to shroud himself. the thing he us to become invisible is self-doubt. that's what i think at least.
do you think her family is nuts? if no then you're golden.
"it is a manner of thinking for example: if i do this, this will result, and people with think it is wrong. but if i do this, this will result and other people with think it is right. that is kinda where the term sitting on the fence came from. one hand your right the other hand you are wrong."
destiny is commonly regarded a your future in term of your achievements.. . fate is your demise.
"it 10:45 right now and the sun is out and it hot right now.. . if it really a typical june gloom, the overcast will be there until at least 11 am, then it burn off and sunny til 5 or 6 pm. then it will get cool and it light jacket or long sleeve weather, if you get cold easy.. . last night i wa out til 9 pm and didn't need a jacket, just a tshirt and long pants/capri."
"pour about 3/4 of the mix into your pan. add the chocolate chip and then add the rest of the mix. the chip will sink a little but since you put them towards the top, they will end up in the middle. you might also try using a thicker mix a the chocolate chip won't move a much."
"there are over 10,000 unique christian cult in the u alone.. . and very few of them agree with each other. so, if a person go to a church to ask question (which won't be answered), he would have to also go to all the others.. . the bible is interpreted to mean whatever people want it to mean and going to a church for answer is a waste of time."
great point they were not 50 ft tall and they never wanted the ape to get through so they only neede to get through themselves. a small door would have been easier
"edamame, or green vegetable soybeans, are whole large soybean which are harvested when the soybean are still green and sweet tasting. edamame is high in protein and fiber. edamame is sold in asian and natural food stores, shelled or still in the pod"
"i like to cut it in strip (easiest to do when it is slightly frozen), then put salt, pepper, onion powder, and garlic powder on it. take an egg, and whip it up, dip the meat in it, then dip it into flour mixed with bread crumbs, then fry it in oil. yummy!"
it's pie they are all great!!. . (but my favorite is peach mmmhm)
"ain soph aur mean limitless light, a reference to the creation of earth, genesis, heaven and etc. just to give an idea"
they are slang terms-listed under what category? and gaming for points-would be your catch.
"i get what you're saying, most white people will say that their not racist when they really are. i think most white people are racist because they want to keep everyone down for some reason. it's like we want to be above everyone else, but that's impossible because the human race is one race of people."
just eat the pizza and don't worry about the box !!!
"pineapple juice, coconut milk, and rum.. or for a fancier version mix coconut milk, coconut rum and crushed pineapple (canned or fresh) in a plender with ice. blend until ice and pineapple are milled. pour into a tall glass."
they are still vegetables. people don't consider them to be because of the fat content.
"he didn't. he observed jewish religion.. people who came after jesus, known a the church fathers, started christianity. but jesus himself never did."
i heard from the chairman at the time hayek? it wa second watch.........a disposbale watch and coincidentally it wa swiss made....so could also bw swiss watch but there are too many sxiss watchmaker so id go for my first answer
"public shaming, public frowning at those who do not donate or give back, publicizing those who do and not extolling greed or wealth a much!. let's start one person at a time"
"i have pondered life's mystery and i think that the point of life is not to wonder about where we came from or where we're going. the purpose of life is to live...to experience everything that life ha to offer. otherwise, you've missed the point."
"make that eventual success. about half of the original colony at plymouth died the first winter from scurvy and other diseases.. . the agreement known a the mayflower compact wa instrumental in holding the group together. the alliance and help from the wampanoag tribe wa crucial to the survival of the colony, especially a most knew nothing about agriculture or the corn and bean which they would need for food."
"the name marmelade wa first used when during the tudor time - most specifically during queen elizabeth 1's reign. one day queen be fell ill and she wa given orange jam a a remedy - french being the language used at the time amongst doctor etc, the jam derived it name from the phrase ""ma'am est malade"" which corrupted to ""marmalade"""
"i think that life take on new meaning with each day and even each moment. there have been time when i wake up feeling great and something could happen and boom, i feel like crap. it work both ways. i think we need to make conscious change and decision in our life to make it what we want."
allow me to answer that question with another question:. . why don't some people have the confidence to trust the bible and to follow the guidance of church authorities?
in the west the people cant act like the east. the western if feel that they cant go with their partner they say no and are truthful to themselves but the eastern people act like happy with the partner and go with other whom they like hiding their truth.i think it is better whom you love you should go with them.there remains peace of mind.
"maybe because in college you are paying for it and you feel that you shouldnt have a dress code. while i am against anyone wearing anything thats racist, infringes a riot, or is just downright disrespectful, i think that many college kid feel that college is their experience, and their time to find themselves."
god is perfect. he had nothing to do with jesus christ melodramatic death. that wa jesus's decision to get a much drama a possible before he came back.
"i agree. if i ever have kids, i will spank them a i see fit. it might mean that if they act up in public, that i will be taking them home to punish them in private."
"i'm so sorry! why don't you have your landlord come over and you both can confront her together. you should do the talking, and he can back you up if she start arguing."
"lactose sugar is added to to the process, but the beer yeast cant feed on lactose sugar or turn it into co2 or alcohol. so it stay in the finished product and give the beer a sweet or cream taste. lactose sugar come from milk and is naturally in all dairy product"
some woman will 'test' their men. but if there's any trampling going on --- why is the man allowing himself to be trampled...unless he get off on it.
"i've never heard that exact term but i can guess at it.. it could be literally the soul of the world. if you think of mother earth a being alive, then she ha a soul (its name is sanat kumara, btw.). or it could be the collective consciousness of everyone in the world (also known a the akashic records)."
"by the four r's: "" reduce, recycle, reuse, rethink"". stop deforestation. local purchasing, moral purchasing, the sustained and efficient use of renewable resources, the moderation of destructive use of finite resources, and the prevention of harm to common resource such a air and water quality, the natural function of a living earth, and cultural value in a built environment."
"first of all, if you have some idea you should consider trying to write it out. other than that, you could do some research and try and find company who will buy your idea and professionally publish them. but the best bet is that if you have an idea, no one can write it better than you can."
"leaning over everybody else while hitting them over the head with bibles.. . ""believe in - what i tell you to believe - or go to hell."""
"abstract art is now generally understood to mean art that doe not depict object in the natural world, but instead us shape and color in a non-representational or subjective way. in the very early 20th century, the term wa more often used to describe art, such a cubist and futurist art, that depicts real form in a simplified or rather reduced way - keeping only an allusion of the original natural subject. such painting were often claimed to capture something of the depicted objects' immutable intrinsic quality rather than it external appearance. the term non-figurative is used a a synonym."
"bring up alot of boring life story that you have, or even make up stories. that will bore and frustrate people."
"throw it in the air. if it break open when it hit the ground, then it is a good ripe pineapple. if it go thud, then it not ripe."
what is wrong - is your spelling. it is called spell check...look into it.
"it go back to the early history of the field, when some of the first anthropologist were basically imperial agent commissioned to get the skinny on ""the natives"" so that they could be more easily dominated. the field ha changed alot since then. needle to say, many modern anthropologist at time feel ""haunted"" by the earlier day of our discipline."
"i don't think that's true, it's more like peer pressure to me. personally, i hate rap, but i do like rock and metal and i think drug are dumb."
avocado are fruits.. . fruit have seed therefore tomato and cucumber and squash are all fruits. vegetable are a part of the plant like celery is a stalk of the plant and potato are roots.
"maybe because they're too busy protesting a opposed to paying attention. god bless you, from a staunch roman catholic (as opposed to an ""american"" catholic, which is a contradiction term since the pope is in rome)."
how do you know there actually are real winners?. i think it is a scam... and they are actor - the supposed 'winners'. i mean ha anyone actually ever known anyone who ha won the sweepstakes?. i know i don't!
"lol, that's natural selection at work. . genetic variance produce all sort of things, but those who won't reproduce won't pas on those genes.. it a simple a that. they're not any le of a person, they just won't have offspring who are genetically similar."
"we say that jesus wa born in 1 ad. there is no 0 bc or 0 ad. however, jesus wa probably born a few year earlier."
"it show up both in spain and portugal for several centuries. because they were both empire building in the new world, you'll also find it throughout the caribbean, mexico, brazil, and much of south america."
"learn some scale and play by grouping note like triads, arpeggios, or make your own pattern,. make a pattern in one key and then make another in with other key and then blend them together"
"odysseus is the greek name, ulysses is latin. otherwise, same fellow."
a soon a two people got together who had different belief from each other. could be millenia ago. sad isn't it?
a thousand year ago by the sword.. . it wasn't a pleasant conversion like some of your answerer seem to think...but then are they actually thinking?
"put them in hot, not necessarily boiling, water for about 5 minutes. this will also help in removing the shell more easily."
"here's another neat tip: to help stop peeled potato from browning, place in a bowl of cold water and add a few drop of lemon juice or vinegar. you can also sprinkle them with lemon or apple juice."
"one of my favorite is to make a vanilla cheesecake (you can use a boxed mix or your favorite cheesecake recipe). make it in a 9x13 pan. then using blueberries, strawberry and spray whip cream, make the top of the cheesecake look like an american flag. blueberry in the top left corner with whip cream stars....the stripe are made by alternating strawberry and spray whip cream."
"i like blue very much because is the color of silence, a color of happiness in a way, it make me feel good when i'm nervous and bewildered. when i think about this color i see a peacefull day on the mountain near the sky, a clean, cold water runing down a cliff in a marvellous waterfall, i see the rainbow over a tropical forest, the see full of life with the dolphin jumping around and the eye of my first love."
"this is a public forum -- and therefore all ""elements of life"" are here....i am very careful about my wording and answerings -- almost paranoid-like (which can take the fun out of it too). however, i understand because there are young people on this site...."
"eeww, this is such a gross question. i'm sure you onlt asked it to gross people out"
a basilica is part of a cathedral. look in an art history book.
"i don't know if this work in sauce and you don't say what kinda of sauce but, 1 whole peeled potatoe will take the scorched taste out of many foods. i would certainly give it a try. it can't hurt."
try running the cup through the dishwasher a couple of times. that should take care of any funny tastes.
if all would see how great....how great is our god.....name above all names....... you could pick up a wow cd their really cheap and ha a great big variety of christian hits! good luck! and god bless<><
"very wet. a friend of mine lived there for only 2 years. he got tired of the constant wet, and damp weather."
"splenda is the newest and best - it leaf no aftertaste, you can cook with it and is recommended for diabetics. equal come in second, because it rather disappears or ""cooks down"" when you use it for cooking. all the others leave awful aftertaste in one mouth. the ""point"" of artificial sweetners, dah, is to eat sweet and not take in calories, a from sugar."
"i wish i knew, i have never raped,murder or even stole anything in my life. i'm 40 year old and have been working since i wa in the seventh grade."
normative ethic is the study of the right thing to do. it is what most people do when they think about ethical matters. this can be contrasted with metaethics - the study of exactly what is happening when we 'do' ethics.
"i didn't realise that there wa any particular way to make the sign,i've seen many different people use both hands!. . and if you're making the sign of the cross to ward off evil spirit you use both hand and it doesn't matter which is in front!"
"hippy are people that like to be natural and take care of the environment. they typically smoke weed and many of the rule that the government set they believe are wrong. hippy are mostly in college now a day they it is usually a faze that student go through because they want to be ""ani-establishment""."
"it is not bad if you say it to people you know a a joke, is is bad when you say it to someone with the intention of hurting them. swearing make you look le intelligent because people who swear look like they can not express themselves in any other way without screaming out a bunch of jibberish."
"of course we get along!!!! just look at aussie and new zealander when they're overseas..even if they don't know eachother it's like they're best friends, i ended up being best friend with a new zealander that i met by chance in london (i'm aussie)...but we're like family, just like you can rip the piss out of your little brother, or your wierd uncle, aussie and kiwi's rip the piss out of each other, but, also like family, if anyone other than family start ripping the piss out of one of us, the other jump straight to their defense...yep, we love eachother, even if kiwi's do have intimate affair with sheep...eeewe!!"
"the ""hand of god"" ha blessed priests, so it's kind of a metaphoric symbol.. . it not any more unsanitary than kissing someone that you know's hand."
"because the average u citizen is not very educated on world affairs, geography, global economics, history before columbus and are not seen to be very cultured (appreciating food, art, music that is beyond mcdonald's, pop / rap / rock and hollywood movies).. . let's face it -- we know our headline here, and aside from the war they have very little to do with economics, politics, social issue in other country (unless you watch cnn and even there there is le and le about the world beyond new york, dc and los angeles...). . the world hate that it is this young, uncultured/uneducated/uncaring country that ha such power and influence over the fate of the other countries."
"very carefully. febreeze for odor, stain list for obnoxious marks."
you can't. the rich don't feel the need to dress up and the poor don't know how to dress up.
".... by reading! no matter what your income level if you have access to reading material you have access to knowledge and you can move beyond your present circumstances. reading, truly is fundamental"
i guess it's pronounced brzezicki :) . . brezezicky perhaps?
"""truckers"" are the major good transport of this country. truck move more good from coast to coast and border to border than any other form of transport. (some correct me if i am wrong) at restaurants(usually at truck stops) they rest and converse with outer fellow truckers.they are required to spend a certain amount of time not driving."
"german mercenary soldier brought the tradition with them in the 18th century to america. while camped outdoors in a forest during the holiday season, the longed for the tradition of home. they began decorating the tree that were around them.. . see link below to find out the origin of christmas tree throughout the world."
"because no one ever told u to go out and convince other people that there is no god, otherwise they would go to hell forever. since we don't believe in the consequence of a supernatural afterlife, we have no reason to go out of our way to convince others the same."
"no one say ""excuse me"", ""thank you"" or ""i'm sorry"" anymore. especially children. it is almost a if parent feel that common courtesy is too old fashioned."
don't you know? carrier pidgeons are mexican email since they can't afford computers.
"the greek god were evicted by a very popular branch of the cult of yahweh, one of the desert god in the middle east. historically, yahweh wa only one god in a hierarchy of many, but wa honored because he wa in charge of storm and rain - vital to the survival of a desert people. later yahweh's image wa morphed into a brutal war god, when he wa elevated to solitary ""god"" status by the jew so that they could organize an army and take land and property for themselves. a few hundred year later a branch of the yahweh cult, which is called christianity, usurped the greek hierarchy with a revitalized hierarchy of yahweh, his son, angel and saints."
it should start automatically otherwise you may need to install a plugin to properly view it.. it should prompt you to install the plugin when you try to viw the file if it not already installed.
"a better question is, ""why are people so proud to say they came from a family of apes."" ecpecially when it's not even true."
"the act of dating before marriage. for example, during our courtship, we used to go to the beach all the time."
"yeah, it is a bit like a non-stamp collector hanging out on an internet forum devoted to stamp-collecting and saying ""i don't collect stamps! i don't collect stamps!"" sure it may take two to tango, but it make sense for the stamp collector to be on the stamp collecting forum. it's a little weird for the non-stamp collector to be there."
never reheat oriental food in the microwave! just had an experince with that. tasted like pig poop (not that i have tasted that but you get my drift). cook it slowly in a pot on the stove.
"gin used to be so cheap that people drank it in huge quantities, a pint of gin wa cheaper than a pint of beer. it wa drunk in such huge quantites than miscarriage were not uncommon a a result."
"the same way you would handle any other couple. i live in ga and it doesn't bother me and never has. i can't speak of anyone else, but if they are a decent couple and they don't make it seem like an issue for people to talk about, then welcome to the south!"
"peoples' silly ""sensitivities"" are so easily bruised. . . btw: your answer about ""diving in"" wa amusing!"
i am an avid reader of all thing ira-related and find myself defending them to many people a well. it is true that it is mostly because of ignorance of the topic and that people mainly listen to what they hear in the press and the press ha never been very favorable to the ira.
when u use the high beam when a care is approaching u are supposed to dim them so u do not blind the driver that is coming your way! some people just do not know the rule of the road i guess.
"lol! actually, the boat are collapsable. they build them, fold them down, stick them through the neck of the bottle, then take a slender stick and push the boat's mast so it will stand up, and the entire boat fold out into place. it really neat to watch!"
ha ha ha ha. thought to ponder. but you made me laugh.
because it's based on a fictitious story. how do i see it reality by practicing the truth? i didn't know someone could practice the truth.
"see you soon or talk to you soon. . . it's an old familiar saying, i'd say."
it is all in the timing. i have laughed at blonde telling blond joke
"because strawberry are awesome, there fore, if the seed are on the outside they're more liable to fall off and grow. and that mean more strawberries! yay!"
"yeah right!. . you can become a groupie, celeb stalker, kiss-up or bigdaddy. you will have even lower self esteem if you do."
"uh, exactly what research are you referring to? i believe all the research i've seen indicates otherwise: 1 mom + 1 dad = happy, successful family."
"the heart stop and the lung stop breathing. circulation to the brain stop and the brain dies, ending the ability to ask the wrong question for the answer we seek."
like which part is used more? or what do you do use it most for? i dont get the question?
"never thought about that. kind of like, why is usa in the middle of jeruselam."
fred sanford wa a heathen. aunt esther always said so. :)
"are you talking abot the tape they put on it? i think that's to help while it's in transport - it make sure that people see there is glass there (the cross) and the tape help give the glass a bit more support/stability, plus in case if the glass doe break, the tape help kind of keep it all together. at least, that's what i always figured it to be there for."
none of u were born during his supposed existence. therefore he saved no one except who wa alive at the time. if youre gullable enough to beleive that you were saved then you ow me $49.95 because i saved you a million year ago.
"""photos"" didn't exist in the 1500s.... . do you mean ""paintings""?. . i'd imagine that it ha something to do with the amount of effort (art) being put into the making of said work, wouldn't you?"
"yes. this s a mini-meditation of putting some of your attention on your own tongue and throat when in a conversation. it result in your keeping your voice down at a modulated and reasonable level,. and thinking more slowly, so that you do not seem to be ramming your own thoughts, ego and feeling into the atmosphere"
im white.. but honestly.. how i see it is.. you notice on most of the other channel there are alot of white dominated shows.. with the occasional african america person in it.. you know the token. but on like upn and bet.. is african american bc it make them feel comfortable i guess..
make a picture . copy that picture alter it some . copy altred picture alter it some . and so on and so forth
"he died dude, end of story. now jesus that's a different matter. he is alive forever more."
"hi dear,your question is not stupid at all. you have right,personally i think that i am not ignorent about south africa,but still from quite a long time i haven't heard neither on news or other source updated news of your country.i have friend living and working there..even before a couple of year i thought to migrate there..apart from the past apartheid,and the highest level of crime,and current financial problems(where there not such) i don't know much..if you want tell me more..good luck!"
"to keep them fresh. seafood is known for spoiling very easily. boiling them alive ensures the freshness, although it not something i enjoy doing, apparantly they dont feel it though a they die immediately.. . hope this help"
"lucumi is also know a santeria which is practiced pretty much in part of africa and place like haiti, cuba. this term is heard in the religion or ritual songs. bembele doesn't really have a meaning it is a word just like for the spanish is bambolea, it is like letting the rythym guide your body and your soul."
"because in a country that is based entirely on christianity, people seem to frown upon the idea of a man having more than one wife. personally, i have no problem with it, but most christian find it completely scandalous and horrendous."
crop. some 35mm camera with a panoramic mode do this in camera with a mask in front of the film plane.
"our emotion are a factor in our 'logic', our idea of logic is based a lot on what our emotion tell us. example: if your angry how is your logic effected? or when you sad, etc.. what we consider a right and logically is derived from the emotion we feel on that subject. to me it logically to give the death sentence to rapists, because jail isn't enough, but thats me because i have strong emotion against rape."
"if you drink a cup everyday, statr drinking 3/4 cup for few days, then bring it down to 1/2 cup, and then after 3 day bring it down to 1/4th cup. slowly reducing it is better so your body is prepared when you stop it."
"tell him he need to ask your father. then say, ""if god doe give you my number i will be more then happy to talk with you, but if he doesn't, i'll just see you next week."""
"it's like we're of two mind when it come to sex. on the one hand, we see nudity and the human form a ""dirty"" and equate it with sex, worry that teaching our kid sex ed will corrupt them, and get offended when woman breastfeed (however discreetly) in public. on the other hand, we have a more than thriving porn industry and more sex offender than we can handle. i think if we had a more matter-of-fact mindset about human sexuality and didn't twist it into something nasty, then there would le of the nastiness."
"they really should change that. calling someone other than either god or your biological father, father."
not unless you offer free english class and provided transportation to and from them. trying to make people learn english by passing a law is like outlawing ignorance without not providing free education.
"i can tell from a far if it's a friend if they speak, distinguished voice. walks, if everyone walked the same, we would be pretty boring wouldn't we?"
"ok i will give you the brief overview....they dont believe in eating the unclean meats, like the jews. they dont believe in wearing jewelry, they observe the sabbath on friday night to saturday night like the jews, they think sunday is the mark of the beast.......thats just a few thing"
i think because they are scared of change. if you see something new that seems like it can be better than u if challenged then it scare u knowing something might be better and u want nothing to do with it. also since we are quick to judge we assume and if we dont see the trait that we see in thing we like we reject hope that help
because it wa divinely decreed. the exile will end when the messiah comes.
you need to realize you can't buy everything. having what you have is better than having nothing.
rub lot of talcum powder on it then it easy to unnot! honest it works.
"they say that if a person's eye cut to their left when you've asked them a question, they're honest and just trying to remember or give you the best answer that they can. if their eye cut to their right, they're fabricating and making something up to tell you.. . this is just one thing that i remember, but i hope it helps."
from a to z you say? okay let me figure this out....after analyzing the alphabet....i'm somewhere between s and t. now that i see it in print ...i see some missing letter that form a word we say often when we are angry...lol lol lol.....i'm retired....and enjoying yahoo answers....addicted you might say.....thanks for this fun question...
"the ""g"" a in conga. though i have heard it pronounced man-ga (like man) and mang-a. (like kang). the first is right."
get a large brush and black paint. and keep slopping it on. when your arm get tired your are done.
"only you can determine what you wish to do with your soul...if you wish to be free from it, you are. if you are still pulled to it, there are unresolved issue that only you can deal with. happy journey."
"literally, it mean fungus in french. it's more often used to refer to a type of button mushroom."
the government say it will keep u in line with the rest of the world... i hate science.
"go to kenya. on a saturday afternoon, put on some soft music and draw a bath. when you get in the bath they will knock on the door."
it's more strongly flavored than i make myself. most of them are pretty good though.
"nothing. there is no difference. both are description of the threshold by which we judge a thing or group of thing to be true, thus becoming a truth. within this threshold is an amount of previously accepted thuths regarding an idea that a particular person may require to accept this new idea a a truth."
"he wa concerned that us, europe, would go to war with eachother again. he wa all for a federal european union, he even stated a united state of europe. it wasnt an act of union purely with england, it wa europeanwide, he planned for a 'special relationship'; with france, similar to what we have with the dominion - colony (australia, canada etc)..baisaccly, it wa an early eu. general de gaul wa against working with england, he wa a twonk of a leader."
secrecy is when thing are hidden on purpose for various reasons.. . whereas privacy is the individual right to live a life that he/she chooses without having to justify to anyone.
"if he wa suspended i would suspect that it wa the people he most offended (the religiously intolerant in our midst) that reported him for abuse so many time that customer care felt they either needed a new employee dedicated to handling those complaints, or suspend that id.. . should we have a moment of silence or an ""atta boy"" for old jim darwin for successfully aggravating his target group?"
"punch them. i mean, offer them candy if it is ""peaceful"""
"you can't get rid of it. it's part of your emotional makeup. however, there are many technique you can use to control it. you have to learn how to delay your emotional response to stressful situation through breathing, etc."
"i still have my hippy poncho from when i wa 15, so i have held on to it for 37 years. that darn thing is in perfect shape and i still wear it once in a while on hallowe'en. i guess it keep me connected to my youth."
"it depends on what tribe of indian they were around. some of the pilgrim got along very well with the indian that they lived near, forging alliance and such. where a other pilgrim killed off the indian in the area that they chose to settle in. those that weren't killed were forced to move to another region."
"it soured cream, given a sharp taste by citric acid, essentially lemon juice. it not actually sour a in ""gone bad"". by law all food ha a sell by date, but also the food industry doe research to find out how long food can be stored for - so you will usually find a ""best before date a well"""
yea dude seriously i mean i wanna go back to heaven but don't go crazy on us. try to cheer up you sound like somebody who listens to emo music. i think you need to listen to some good classic rock always get yah pumped up
"knowing is back up with fact and firsthand knowledge or experience on certain things. while believing is more of faith, you believe even if you did not see, hear, feel, taste or touch. just like you believe that there is god, if you are skeptical, you will look for proof, but if you have faith...no amount of negative thing will sway your belief."
"i am sure you are aware of this, but marion zimmer bradley wrote storm over troy (at least, i think that is what it is called, i only read a translation in my own language) about the trojan war, and the heroin of the book is cassandra. it sort of tell the story through the eye of the women. very interesting, i thought, but i wouldn't be surprised if it were too girlie for a man, or maybe difficult to place yourself in the shoe of the heroin."
"both arnold schwarzenegger and george w. bush have inspired me quite a bit. they have shown me that any dumbass that ha the money to advertise can get a power position in this country.. . seriously, the greatest inspiration to me are people who tell me that my goal are unrealistic dreams; the one who tell me that i ""can't do it"" are the one that give me the will to actually ""do it""."
"human are the most destructive creature on earth, we spread and feed off of the land like a disease, we meddle in thing we can't comprehend, and seek to destroy what we don't understand. we a human will be the end to ourselves.. . wow, i sound so pesemistic."
i am reminded of the old television show dinosaur in which they said that war = we are right. they humorously referred to it a operation we are right or w.a.r. for short. not a real answer but funny never the less.
"what about the marriage performed by a judge? and it can't just be christian ceremonies, there's jewish, catholic, and many other ceremony performed everyday, freedom of religion. is the person performing the wiccan hand fasting acknowledged by the court systems?"
"an all powerful god could indeed stop war from happening, so if god doe not, it mean obviously that god ha no desire to do so. since the beginning, god ha not interfered with the free will each human ha - they have the ability to follow god or not, to follow god's commandment or not, to make war or not."
"they don't take out the seeds; there are seed in seedless watermelons.. . what they have done, however, is selectively breed the watermelon to have smaller and smaller seeds; the seed that exist in the ""seedless"" watermelon are so small, you just eat them without noticing them."
"i agree with this person. a lot of the collector on the street also work for private firm and take a cut of the money! if you want to donate to charity you should do it through the website or post a cheque a you want it all to go to the charity, not a collector."
when i smashed up some fast food restaurant window when they were closed. did this because i got such bad service that they deserved a little extra hate. the funny thing is the next day i went by their to see what happened and all the window have board on them and they didn't even know it wa me.
"the meaning of life is life without meaning. when you understand life without meaning, you understand the meaning of life."
redness caused by drinking is one symptom of rosacea.. . rosacea ha a hereditary component and those that are fair-skinned of european or celtic ancestry have a higher genetic predisposition to developing it.
"those country that do provide free health care for their population are essentially socialist-type governments. that health-care and many other perk are not-so-free either. the tax rate on income go a high a 60% with certain ""luxury"" item like car commanding an 80% tax... unless it's for use a a taxi then it's only 40 %."
"i never really thought about that. thanks for enlightening me. what the hell is ""welcome,"" anyway. now it just sound weird."
lol.. true.. you should burn every bible on earth.
"i'm guessing you are in dc since you filed this question under that category. whatever you do, make sure you see the wwii memorial. it is awesome."
"i actually do know this. in eutero, your nipple are formed before your sex organ develop. woman go on to use hormone to create breasts, but for men, there is absolutely no reason to have them.. . that is the 100% truth..."
"brown rice or wild rice, or whole grain pasta, or sweet potatoes.. . white rice, white pasta, and regular potato are just starchy and include very few fiber and vitamins. . your body digest them very quickly, and then you are ready for more food... also, your body turn the starch into sugars."
because most not all of the conseratives have a good moral belief. they take a stand on what this country wa built on in the first place..... god and his word. american must have forgotton that one.
"some people get insecure or fearful around others who are not like they are. they attack the one who is different, to help them feel better about themselves and their decision (which actually probably mean they are not secure in their own decision or choice)."
"it's an just an alternative to a bar. although, i prefer the bar."
"different country in latin america have different pronounciations and idioms. ""vos"" is also used in costa rica, nicaragua and el salvador. in costa rica, the pronounciation of ""y"" and ""ll"" is the same, although not a ""strong"" a in argentina."
"na na na na na. a jealous jimbo lol. . hey max headroom, can you really see my booby from there?"
"you can catch tippu express,chamundi express or any of those.i don't think any train from secunderabad directly connects to one of these.but these are the good one that come fast.others are just passenger which take a long time.. the best thing would be to catch a volvo from kpg bus stand.that's a lot better than any train."
"i agree with you to a point!...you call them trolls, and that's fine because that's the way you see them , but god call it something else in (matt. 7: 6).....for the 5% few that really want god, spiritual encouragment, and spiritual ensight, i guess it's worth it to a point!.....but yes, i think true believer should not answer filthy, abusive, condemning, judgmental, insulting, and disrespectful question from god hater of non-believers, just let them stay with their own kind!......good luck!"
"be a good, honest guy. don't be a bad, dishonest guy."
"where would they find unsterilzed needles? all of the medical stuff is one-time use these days. there isn't a huge market for ""unsterilized needles"" except at a smack house. they probably just buy the cheapest needle they can use, which are probably sterilized."
a professional quality camera and the right film. maybe even a photography class.
"you should worship god, and, god alone.. luk 4:8. jhn 4:24"
"fear of rejection, exposure and being labeled gay and or a freak. you're right, it is wrong to hide it until after marriage and if we lived in a more tolerant society men wouldn't have to hide. but we don't so they do; hide it that is."
my question exactly. get back to me on that.
"it's just the meaning of the word. frank, c1300 from o.fr., mean candid, genuine, or sincere."
"people want to be liked, and people want to be right. by following the majority of people, they increase their chance of both being liked and being right. it's easier to follow when having to make hard decisions, and it requires le cognitive effort."
"it when the scene freeze and each character give a little bit of insight into what they are thinking, it work better if it give the audience more info!. . hope that helped; if it doesnt i've flunked drama!"
"ask the cemetary who performed the service where the body wa sent for burial after it left their care. they should absolutely know where it went - in the u it's the law.. also, if you have trouble there, check the legal burial record with the county the service/burial wa in a they will have record where the body wa sent."
"well, apparently you don't start the trend of proper english, you only ruin the culture with the horrible 'music' you call rap and with your slang. we should also include you but i highly doubt you do anything except reap the benefit of your ancestors."
oxygen is a waste product of plants. we breath oxygen and expel carbon dioxide a a waste product. plant use carbon dioxide the same way we use oxygen.
high school love.. crushes.. my first love.. cutting classes.. playing spirit of the glass.. being infatuated with my journalism teacher (married).. bigtime!.. junior/senior prom.. cramming.. cheating on exams..
"because price are expensive in britain ( nearly twice the us). also house are much more expensive in the uk, therefore people have to save up to pay mortgage"
"to make guacamole, need avocados, onions, lime, cilantro and salt to taste.. . juices, choice or combination of oranges, apples, carrots, strawberries, add ice cubes, yoghurt, wheat germ, ginseng, etc."
"i supponse he went many time to the castle to ask for an interview with her majesty the queen. at last he got it,and presented his plan to explore and recha the west indies."
better question is how can we view your work schedule?? and wtf doe this have to do with canada anyway??
"well, speaking a a black person..... . er, i'm sorry, i mean, speaking a a white person, *i* don't like white people to tell me ***** either."
"good question! i believe hollywood only want to betray caucasian in a wealthy and historical light because all the black actor and actress are portrayed in a ghetto image such a pimps,prostitutes,drug lords, and gangsters. sadly,but true!"
my daughter is 9 this is her answer...... i learn about god and jesus
"are you sure you've got that right? harper ha plan to issue a formal apology on behalf of the canadian government for the head tax that wa unjustly imposed on chinese immigrant for decades, in a transparent attempt to keep them out of the country even a they were providing essential labor."
august is very hot and humid... it is also peak national vacation season... rate are cheaper after august 15 or so. in october the weather is much nicer but sept-oct are peak hurricane season months... wilma in 05 wa oct 20-23 in cun. rainy season also start in sept. the best month i think is nov.
"it's common to freeze dry food item to maintain freshness. bread, cereal, crackers, coffee..... for that matter, even cigarettes. i don't personally but know many who do, especially in hot, humid area of the country."
"expresso doesn't exist ;p. . espresso is a flavourful coffee beverage brewed by forcing very hot but not boiling water under high pressure, through coffee that ha been ground to a consistency between extremely fine and powder.. . capuccino is espresso, steamed milk and frothed milk"
"buy half-a-dozen. leave 5, take one home for yourself."
socializing is for the uncool tring to become cool.. the cool like me are pas the point of socializing to. raise our coolness level.. that is right i said it!. . what kind of question wa that?
one who design and supervises the construction of building or other large structures. . one that plan or devises: a country considered to be the chief architect of war in the middle east.
"the eye of a needle referred to a door inside a large city gate. to get a camel through you had to unpack it and then get the camel to king of crawl through the door, which wa why it wa hard. comparing this to a rich man meant that most rich people, which would include almost every american by jesus standard put their trust and hope in their worldly goods, money, education, knowledge, etc., and do not trust a a child in god or jesus, so it is harder for them to get into heaven."
"i think it actually scottish people call other scottish people jock. i have only really heard it being used a a nickname for someone called john. i dont think it derogatory, it just banter!!"
agnostic - neutral. not sure if a god exists.. atheist = beleives there is no god.
when it is cold and wet we seem to hybernate. a the sun is covered by cloud we do not get the direct sunlight which stimulates our production of ceretonin - the natural chemical which make u happy / resilient to depression.
they are the best place on earth. i love them.
"people are afraid of the dark like others are scared of spiders, bees, or heights, perhaps even water or swimming. usually, it come from a bad experience; people may have had something scare them in the dark or gotten hurt there. you never know..."
"because i`m more of a country bumpkin really! it`s my, charm and wit and it`s the way that i tell `em!! we are friendly a well!"
a cause we can all help without donating any money- just changing our lifestyle around a bit.... global warming. people are pretty oblivious to wat we are doing to our planet. and it would be so easy to help this cause if everyone chipped in
"the more of them there are, the more meat for you, right?. . so what's your problem--you want to have more people competing for your burger? get over it."
the israelite tribe record were destroyed in ad 70 when the jerusalem temple wa wiped out by the romans. so no one can definitively say what (if any) israelite tribe they descended from.
we live by our decision only. daily we come to many cross road to take a decison which way to go and our life journey is based on all such small snall decision since once a vdecision is taken we cannot easily retrace steps.i dont want to elaborate but by now you would have realised how inportance it is to take decision one way or the other.
"it could depend on how old you are. if you are 15 year old for example and you don't wanna go..... t.s. your parent make your decision for you. if your 25, i can see why you don't want to be told what to do.... or maybe it not actually criticism, but people who care about you that don't want you to miss out on something great."
so they don't hit their head on something during turbulence and knock themselves out. then they wouldn't make it to their destination and it'd be a waste.
"--i clip off the ends, clean them, steam them, then saute them in roast garlic, oregeno, butter and maple-glazed bacon bits. yummy!"
"it's all trickery, camera angle and slight of hand. it's all bs. i can't believe people believe that nonsense."
ewww ur queer...bullfighting is mean...u think the bull like to be teased...i dont think they like it at all u creep...at the end they kill the bull...thats so fucked up!!!!...bullfighting=bullshit...ur fucked up!
a 'delivery system' is anything that get something from one place to another.. . a cigarette is a delivery system for nicotine.. . food is a delivery system for calories.
"it's wrong. i agree, it's inconsistent. if you are an adult, then you are an adult, especially if you are old enough to go to war and get killed, then you are old enough to enjoy the benefit the rest of the adult are enjoying. very unfair law."
"i look at it the way a diamond crystallizes under very high pressure. that is the real world example we have to learn from like the inspiring story of ""it's a wonderful life."" the diamond earns it brilliance, dazzling, purity and strength from the transformation of the endurance and becoming something that give u ""awe"" and ""inspiration"". i think that is why an angel must earn it wings."
"dr. pepper. water, orange juice. alcohol doesn't mix well with bus driving."
what ever it is make sure you smuggle it internally. i hear the chinese can be very nasty. ;-)
your assumption is incorrect. atheism doe *not* mean that you know for a fact that there is no god without a possibility of being mistaken. atheism is simply a belief that there is no god.
"my family come from germany, and we say ""prost"" when we toast. (my family is from all over germany...berlin, hamburg, thuringen, the black forest, munich...all over. and we all say the same thing.)"
"just because we are different race doe not mean we are different species. we are all one species, there are just some adaptation that are made due to environment."
"are you sure the expression is not: ""fiche-moi la paix!""?. i have never heard of what you have, but ""fiche-moi la paix! mean ""leave me alone!"" or we might say in english, ""stop bugging me!"""
"producer make things, and consumer go and buy them, take them etc. and use them"
go on the citizenship and immigration website. it will explain everything you need to do.
"vulgarity would fall under ""obscene or profane content"", rudeness would probably go under ""insulting other participants"". both are category for when you report abuse."
"the right partner is the one who enhances who you are, by making you want to be better, while not changing you at all.. . i believe there are several right people out there for everyone, however finding one of those right people who you can live with but could not imagine living without is really what i feel a soulmate is. i believe in both of these (right person and soulmate) because i believe i have found her... sure, just like anyone else she doe the wrong thing every so often, but it isn't worth an argument when compared to the million of right thing she does! :-d"
"a counselor is usually only required to meet certain state certification requiremants, recieved through accreditation work and practical experince. a psychologist must have a degree in the field."
"revenge is for the weak! get over yourself, grow up, and move on."
"since it is the birthplace of the human race, it is the birthplace of dance a well.. . (please note that this is the dancing category and frame your question accordingly.)"
it depends where you go.. you can get anything from tropical weather to snow and i've been to both in september.. australia is a big place. be more specific.
"an atheist doe not believe in a higher power. an agnostic isn't sure if there is one or not, and typically an agnostic doesn't go seeking for spirituality or answer to that question."
"sorry... but god's word is plain about the end times... no one know and if someone say they know, they are not to be believed. it's going to come like a thief in the night and you aren't going to know even a second before it happens!. . we all know it's coming... but will you be ready when it does?"
they depend on each other. i think that some american and canadian have forgotten how much we rely upon each other.
be professional and mature and remember to think a the higher person because the person who is making fun of you is obviously extremely low and you don't need to stoop to their level. just tell them you do not appriciate what they are doing and walk away from it. it really make you look like much of a stronger person.
"i don't think the shift is in view but in people's willingness to speak up. i think that society in general ha been conservative for a long time, but now that we're getting so many attack on our way of living or thinking, we're more bold about voicing our opinions."
that's awful i already new some of that but i didn't know they could be punished by death. i knew that if there family new they would disown them. but it is awful. hopefully thing will change one day and homosexual have equal right in these islamic countries.
the permit you have to buy from the city are to expensive!!and it a cryin shame-those were the best hot dog in the word!!!!
"i have been knocked in the nut be several people none being female... . . carlton, i think you need to re-evaluate the way you think and converse with woman and offer them the respect you are asking for and then you won't need to worry about them kicking your bag..."
"why not!? it the evolution of the language that we created! dont mock it, learn it!!"
they weren't his own words. they were god's words.
they won't revise it because doing so violates their religion much in the same way christian won't revise any part of the bible etc... i agree that it is a foul and evil text and idea to fight all non-believers but i think the true solvency of the problem is to bring more people away from radical religious practice into more mainstream life aside from changing the text of a book. even if the book wa changed the hardcore extremist would call that heresy and would disregard any change and go by the old word anyway.
"shoot for the moon, if you fall short, you will lie amoung the stars!! it all about the little thing that pleasure you in life.. . from cooking your family dinner to having a beer on friday night......have a great day!"
"so you can get chocolate on your white blouse and then you need to wash it in daz, it's an advertising thing.. . best still go to cadbury world and ask them!"
"the term ""kabbalah"" wa originally used in talmudic texts, among the geonim, and by early rishonim a a reference to the full body of publicly available jewish teaching. in this sense kabbalah wa used in referring to all of known oral law. over time it became a reference to doctrine of esoteric knowledge concerning god, god's creation of the universe and the law of nature, and the path by which adult religious jew can learn these secrets."
some people can only do good thing if there's a consequence (and a bad one at that) for not doing them. others don't need that firm wrist.
"estimate about 20 minute per pound and you should be fine. if you don't know the weight, pierce the turkey and the juice should run clear"
"sorry i have never heard of them them called ""brats"" and i kow alot of mormon kids. most of the kid are very friendly and polite, and i for am not mormon. i like coffee too much."
"i learned that the swastika wa around long before hitler and wwii. to me, it is but another artistic rendition of the christian cross. but i beleive that because hitler used that symbol for his own evil intentions, and because so many people still associate the swastica with nazism, it's considered offensive content."
they don't. bill gate ha set up the gate foundation which doe tremendous good for impoverished and needy child around the world.
because she is doing more than you are. . . what have you contibuted to society?
because there will be a segment of the reader who will want to read the non-fiction book that make the same claim a the da vinci code and provide evidence and informed speculation to back it up.. . that's why--they are afraid that the novel will serve a a gateway to questioning catholic dogma.
"unfortunately low, i think. my cousin wa kept back in an animal science program mostly because the dean didn't want a handicapped kid there.. . he's now at a big ten school doing just fine."
i'm not a bitter a i wa then. i've mellowed out a lot after high school.
"i have had a few!!! i cleaned a respite home for mentally and physically disabled people while i wa at college, i wa hoovering a room when one of the patient started being sick, a he had a hole in his throat where he wa tube fed, it sprayed all up the wall out of the hole, that wa pretty disturbing.. . i worked for a short time in a beauty salon, owned by a semi-famous hairdresser so no name a i don't want to get sued, she wa an absolute psycho b*tch from hell and her husband wa an arrogant man, they made it their mission to make every member of staff cry at least once and made my life heel every day. i hated that job so much i faked illness and told them i wa not coming back."
"the particle irritate the lining in your nose, and your body recognises it a foreign matter that it need to expel....quick. so the sneeze happens to push the pepper out...far and fast."
devil are potent angel who have fallen from grace.. demon are not necessarily fallen anything. in biblical ideology satan is the only devil that can infest a human but there are many demon who can too.. strange question!
"why don't we get the proof first? right now, there is no proof that we evolved from monkey or that there is this supposed missing link. any scientist will tell you that until you have this proof, everything else you write in your question ha no foundation."
the wierdest holiday would be when i went overland from singapore to germany.. . and the wierdest form of trasportation between ho chih minh city and phnom penh wa via a motorcycle followed by a taxi crammed with 8 people!
pack light and roll everything. you can always get what you need when you get there.
"human get cold, and their hair stick up to try to insulate them. the hair on your leg are doing just that, and stick through your socks. nothing to weorry about, it happens to me too."
i am with you. the female orgasm is not really necessary. only make them want to aspire to greater things. ;-)
masjid is a transliteration ( letter-to-letter or sound description) of the arabic word for mosque ( church). mosque is an english word for a muslim church.
"it related to idea of profit and maximizing profit. you have a static amount of employees. to maximize profit, you need to maximize productivity from your employees. you do that by optimization."
"easy, get a personality coach, a physical trainer and a tutor or two. money solves a lot of thing"
"because you have to keep on going. if you lose your job, you must find another or you will not eat or have a roof over your head."
"my mom act the same way, but shes a b1tch about it.. at first, i felt like i should spend more time with her, so i did, but then she started to be mean to me, so i stopped.. personal if i were you i'd go and make her dinner once and a while, she'll really appreciate it. talk to her, and maybe see if she would want to go out with some friend instead of wasting her life away- it sure seems like her hubby doesn't really care."
it the feeling of it saturating your throat and body..it soothes the body and the body always seems to want to be hydrated. i get the same thing..i'll drink a water bottle then my mouth feel dry so i end of drinking another. don't worry about it..it's healthy for you and your doing your organ a favor.
"education! people have to learn more about pollution and what effect their action (dumping, buying good with a lot of packaging etc.) have on the environment. only then people can act responsibly, reduce waste and recycle and reuse a much a possible."
"a balanced diet must contain carbohydrate, protein, fat, vitamins, mineral salt and fibre. it must contain these thing in the correct proportions.:. 1.carbohydrates: these provide a source of energy.. 2.proteins: these provide a source of material for growth and repair.. 3.fats: these provide a source of energy and contain fat soluble vitamins.. 4.vitamins: these are required in very small quantity to keep you healthy.. 5.mineral salts: these are required for healthy teeth, bones, muscle etc... 6. fibre: this is required to help your intestine function correctly; it is not digested.. 7.balanced diets: we must have the above item in the correct proportions."
"look at the silhouette of a man and a woman facing each other and embracing before kissing. the chin meet at a point, there is the upward curve along the jaw towards the neck, then the line of the torso to the point where the the body meet again. i believe that is the source of the romantic heart shape."
"they're not ignoring you, carlos. it just seems that way. they're really just laughing like the rest of us."
"""meaning"" is what is signified in the usage of a sign. the sign is an arbitrary construct that refers to a thing, a referent. so ""b-l-u-e"" means, refers to, signifies the actual subjective experience of blueness instantiated in a particular-- like the sky. the meaning of meaning is this linguistic activity, summarily."
"everyone ha his own path in life. he is meant to always take his own path to be able to prosper. but if he decides to walk on someone else's path, then he endangers his own life a well a the other one(s) who walk that path. never be tempted to walk anyone else's path but your own."
wasn't that the little mouse in the cartoon movie?. . rizel go west?
"race ha to do with the anthropological difference among human (bone structure, features, etc.) human are generally categorized a caucasoid, mongoloid or negroid. by the way, skin color ha very little to do with race.. ethnicity ha more to do with language, culture, nationality, etc."
"a zombie?. there's no such thing (well, maybe jimbo)"
"u shouldnt take thing lightly now.... dont make a joke out of everything that people say and laugh... i am not saying that u shouldnt joke at all but u should react normally... dont act like a if this is the firts time u r hearing something... n yes u need to know wen to joke n wen u shouldnt... if u r at work n dealing with a customer or solving some problem dont start joking... n if u r among friend then i dont c any problem... also u need to differentiate between the important thing in life (like education, career, marriage, etc...) n thing that r not so important..... . all the best to u"
"because the only thing muslim know how to do well is to fight and die for their god. well, that and marry little girls."
"basically disappointments. failure when victory wa expected, leader making promise they can't deliver, too many little thing piling up to make a bad situation miserable. whatever can break a team's spirit and trust in one another."
isn't this a huge toy store in ny? fao schwartz
because air ha not gotten to it to dry it out. take off the cap and leave it alone for a while. it will dry.
"amish men grow beard after they are married. only the single men are allowed to have shaved faces. i don't think i've ever seen and amish man with a mustache, lol."
"paganism: one who is not a christian, muslim, or jew, especially a worshiper of a polytheistic religion.. . basically, in my own words... it's someone who doesn't believe in that stuff or who doesn't practice it or whatever."
i dated everyone that asked me out about. it make them jealous.
"it's just something we texan call other people (specifically good, down to earth people). ie: them there's good folk jeb! lol"
"g-d created it! . (to me, that make waaaaay more sense than the whole big bang thing...or even what pixiequel said. i mean, in my opinion, that's just absurd!)"
i don't - i walk my own path ... happy for other to walk alongside or in different direction a long a they don't try to push me from where i choose to go.. . peace out
it is called the netherlands. north holland and south holland are province within the netherlands. and orange is associated with the country because the country wa once ruled by willem of orange. the name of that monarchic dynasty ha stuck.
chicken bred in battery farm will eat anything fed to them in such a stressful situation.. they are not cannibal by nature.
"""because allah love wonderous variety"" robinhood prince of thieves. . the bible never say god stopped creating with adam with eve it just say that he rested. one theory is that he simply created more people here, there and everywhere which is why we don't know where the garden of eden is."
"you are observant and wise for your age.. . atheist are treated a second class citizen even in the legal system. o'hare's murder wa given only a sham investigation until it became newsworthy that nothing much wa being done to find the murderer, who turned out to be an obvious suspect even barney fife could have discovered.. . i think it will change some day, but until then, we mostly have to stay in the closet in the real world."
no we just like it. now sex is an obsession!!!
"in leviticus the scape goat wa required because once one kill the offering it is kind of hard to have it come back to life. so through the use of both goat it wa revealed that the messiah wa to die for the sin of the world but also return and carry these sin far away. the figure of the lamb however, is from the passover lamb spoken of to moses in exodus, that would cause the angel of death to pas over those that are protected by it blood.. so even though the goat is a figure of christ the lamb is main representative of what god meant to do through his son."
the best way is to let them fell the wrath of being stupid. you will never know what they feel but just remember the last time you made a mistake and how stupid you felt. it is unnerving to work with such idiot but there time will come where they wish they weren't so stupid!
"it go back to the early 19th century and the publication of noah webster's dictionary. the new country wa anxious to establish it's separate identity from great britain so a spelling reform seemed like a good thing to do. noah webster actually proposed hundred of change in spelling, such a vizion for vision, but only a few of the spelling reform were actually put into practice, color for colour, theater for theatre, dramatize for dramatise, traveling for travelling."
because i'm a girl. a girl can't be handsome...............
"because that's the only way to get those around you to reply ""bless you"" when you sneeze. i never say ""achoo"" and no one ever give me a bless you or even a gesundheit!"
"i used to live near siena and i went to arezzo a few times, and every time i went i would always just walk around and find something interesting. on a few select historical building in the centre of town i think that you can look around. generally on a sunday you can find a few coffee shop open. good luck"
"linguistically, there are 3 genders: masculine, feminine and neutral (i.e. he, she and it).. . biologically, some specie only have 1 gender - they either reproduce asexually or are hermaphrodite with both male and female sex organs."
tofu is made from soy bean by coagulating soy milk and then pressing the resulting curd into blocks. it is similar to making cheese from milk.
"wa just there over memorial day...in the sea pine area there is south beach with the salty dog (inside and outside bars, restaurant, sight seeing boat trips, etc) and harbour town (more inside and outside bars, restaurants, sight seeing trips, etc.). there are also alot of bar at coligny plaza with live music most nights...lots of different kind of band in the different bars/restaurants....anything from rock to folk to reggae to elvis impersonator...probably my favorite restaurant is marley's island grille ...kind of like a bahama breeze...maybe nicer....good steak and seafood..."
"the medium is to blame. . . everybody look so perfect in magazines, television, and movies, that we subconsciously feel that we must look like them."
best ****** a roast duck. . wackiest******* flower symbol of died or ill
because they're not allowed to marry. taking away a man's freedom to marry and be satisfied sexually lead them to seek this satisfaction in a perverse way.
the rich a well a the poor all have the same out come: death.. there is none having the advantage.
"because the stupid racism, is the same a a mexican guy with an american girl. who care about the color or nation ? feeling is what you should care for."
"increase in drug abuse.. . decrease in skilled labor jobs, making unskilled labor job available less.. . early prison release programs."
they invented the bible and adopted paulism rather than christianity. they invented the concept that jesus is god.
have you ever looked in to te pagan religion? try it it make more sense than all the rest
"coffee is a stimulant that act on autonomic nervous system that is connected with different organ like the kidness and bowels. . a stimulant act by increasing the activity.. autonomic nervous system is subdivided into sympatic and parasympatyic. probably your sympatic work a little more of your parasympatic and the coffee increase that, but don't worry, you are not sick: just limited stimulant beverages."
i love irony. you're complaining that christian complain too much.
"syria is in the middle east by jordan and lebanon. it an awesome country. the ""el 7amediyeh"" is soo much fun and u can find a lot of nice thing to buy. people r nice, weather is decent, food is real good!"
"what piss me off is when i'm nice a can be to other people, and they're still rude and thoughtless. i just fume over it for awhile, then eventually shrug it off. some people are just a-holes, i guess."
"i think it just ha to do with past experiences. you've had a red drink before, you liked it, doesn't matter if it's cherry or strawberry or watermerlon or whatever, but since you had it before and liked it you order it again. or it could be just a color preference. i like the color blue so i might be more apt to choose something blue."
"the threat of violence to get what one wants, or. the fear that violence will be done to one"
"i really love the racism in some of these responces... we are such an advanced race. therefore, to answer your question. i don't think monkey should ask for human rights, because ""human"" right mean allowing the monkey to be rude, disrespectful, and stupid..."
there are a lot of aspect of religion that do not work in today's society. it's just that we have fundamentalist that will not let certain rule go and that is just dumb. . it's wrong no matter what but it's definitely wrong in 2006.
i wa going to say because most of u have cable or satellite. but i like michael's answer better
"english law once required a burial depth of 6 foot to ensure the corpse didn't spread the plague to the living. of course, this measure wa ineffective a flea infected with the plague probably spread the disease. also, few disease are contracted from contact with dead bodies."
"the word ""you"" usually refers to another person besides yourself spoken directly to from you. the word ""dumb"" refers to the inability to speak. so ""you"" can't be ""so dumb"" since dumb is dumb an you are you."
"they were considered saint during bible days, but no official title wa attached to their name like that. it wa understood, and the people were spoken of with respect. that tradition got started with the catholic church, which would attach the title ""saint"" besides someone's name if there were miracle performed in some way."
i don't think becoming more spiritual is something that we do but rather the more we submit to the lord the more he work in u and through us. stay in the word of god continually.. . we are commanded to grow in the grace and the knowledge of the lord jesus christ.
what if you did? what if you lied? what if i avenge? what if eye for an eye?
"coca cola zero - sweetened with aspartame and acesulfame potassium., the reason this is different than diet coke is coca cola zero is a sugar free version of the classic coke formulation. in other words, this is meant to be a sugar free version of the red can of coke you know and may or may not love. it ha a redder, deeper color close to the color of classic coke and taste far le like a diet soda (by many accounts) than diet coke."
one kill you quicker i guess. i smoke full flavor!
"nothing give you the right to treat ppl badly. but that doesn't stop ppl from doing it. there is an old saying ""absolute power corrupts absolutly."""
"i got in a car acciendent wit a truck!!!! omg.. but luckily at that time there wa traffic so there were no serious injuries, except the car wa busted up"
"yes, there is a big difference. it is really fluid (liquid) or dry measure. one cup of milk weight 8oz, while one cup of raisin actual weight just more than 4oz.. all the measuring container are marked in the liquid measure, whether it is ounce or cups.. that is the easiest way to explain it, without getting into the specific gravity of an item."
"the ""international"" appellation of the chain derives from it three core crepe-style pancakes: ""german"" (served with lemon butter), ""french"" (served with orange sauce), and ""swedish"" (served with lingonberry and lingonberry butter). these fruit-topped crepe are offered with an egg-and-meat plate a the ""international passport breakfast."" menu offering such a french toast and belgian waffle further reinforce the international theme."
"try not to make it a forceful act, more persuasive to let him think there can be a god, ya know? well give him the gravity talk, cant see it but it there, and make him realize that there really is a god, jesus"
"if this is artist oilpaint, could be using too much solvent [turps or white spirit] and not enough medium [linseed oil, liquin etc] so the paint doe not have enough body and lack cohesion. solvent weakens the paint."
"it's possibly due to the inexpensiveness of red paint, and just became a traditional thing:. . >>many barn in the northern united state are painted red with a white trim. one possible reason for this is that ferric oxide, which is used to create red paint, wa the cheapest and most readily available chemical for farmer in new england and nearby areas.<<"
"i am a muslim and i dont know much about what ur saying but i would like to say that opinion are just that opinions, so let just say that hitler could have been christian or not. either way it doesnt change anything because he wa psychotic anyway"
some people believe that there are value that apply to all people -- those are objective.. . some people believe that thee are value that they believe in that all other people ought to follow -- those arre subjective.. . subjective value are based on an individual's experience and opinions.. . objective value are supposed to be unaffected by personal emotion or bias.
"cobbled street are a throwback to the past. most are declared historic a well they should. i like seeing road like that, it make me think of how thing may have been."
use a screwdriver to put a wood screw into it then pull the wood screw out with a pair of pliers. better yet get a 1.00 dollar corkscrew.
"it's because alcohol is not considered a ""food"" but rather a type of drug actually. drug do not list the nutrition facts. however, it is known that alcohol contains high level of carbohydrates, so it should be drinken moderately to avoid overcompensation of carbohydrate and alcohol."
"anyone who doesnt marinate their meat are lazy, i marinate just the same a you for one it more softer and juicier, and 2 better flavor. but thats me though"
"one example - coming of age rituals. shaping can only be effective if someone knowledgeable is directing your behavior. if instead of teaching you proper behavior, i send you out into the forest until you have a vision (common in nonindustrialized societies) no outside influence is doing the shaping.. . or if i assume that weaving is women's work, and never do it in front of my son, he will never learn to weave because he's never seen an example."
this word doe not exist in the dictionary. nor doe google offer an answer. is the word spelled correctly?
"making food look attractive is very important. herb work really well. parsley, garlic chives, the list go on and on.. my personal favourite is coriander, on salad sandwiches, with tofu, lentil stews, i love it. not only doe it look great, it enhances the flavour of the food.. mint leaf go really well with fruit and yoghurt too."
"from the one i've seen, they are not very effective at all. they suck up the smoke when your cig is in them, but do nothing when you take a drag or exhale. i have owned and have friend that have owned several."
"you are normal she may be your spirit guide try to tell you that this is your calling no you are not john edward but you could very well be a sylvia brown....have you every saved someone's life because one of your ""ghost"" told you to delay someone (just and example) let's be serious here you have something many will never experience and it frightening to be able to see dead people ha got to take it toll on you a a person....just pray on it..... if you help a few people you have changed the world so just think about it no one think you are crazy you have a gift good luck with your gift and god bless you use it for positive reason"
"it's a little niche in a mountainside, almost a canyon, not quite. like when someone say ""i live in butcher hawler"", over yonder."
"it's a kind of marijuana that's more potent because it doesn't have seeds. it wa first grown in south america ( sinsemilla -not sensamia-means ""without seeds"" or ""seedless in spanish"") and sinsemilla/hydroponic pot (hydro's are cultivated in water) is the strongest weed plant of all, and is very expensive."
it's the easiest and most effective way to keep your body hydrated. and because health expert say so.
"there is no content of something nonexistant there is no gospel of judas, do you really believe that god would inspire juda to write a gospel after he betrayed god's son? no juda killed himself after he betrayed jesus and wa not around anymore to write a gospel!"
"oldguy is right. at this late date in the season, they may send up some green, but probably not enough to set blooms. water is essential in planting anything in the hot dry summer months, so be prepared to keep them moist. then next year, they should be well established and you can enjoy them."
"the ""interstate"" designation is given to highway and freeway that are mostly funded by the federal government's money (as opposed to state built and operated highway and freeways). it ha nothing to do with whether they actually go to other state or not.. . after all, the ""branch"" interstate (i-110, i-405, i-280, etc.) in major urban area almost never extends beyond their state of origin."
"i hear you! a little more tolerance would go a long way towards a much more peaceful world. unfortunately, many people just can't seem to see beyond their own limited point of view. they have taken the word of someone who ha taught them their religion like sheep instead of doing any real research on their own to find out what it is that they personally believe."
find 2 other people besides yourself....and enjoy. ani't not fun if the homey can't have non......remember sharing is caring. (it is probly best if your not in a relationship with either one that could get messy.)
because people are rude! catholic are a christian denomination also like every other denomination out there. people make fun of them alot because they know deep inside that most catholic are going to be in heaven when they are not. i am not a catholic i am non denomintial but i know a catholic who ha been ridiculed
"a partial list of these flavor can be seen at the bottling plant in dublin, texas; although the formula itself (with it twenty-three ingredients) is a closely-guarded secret. contrary to a popular urban legend, dr pepper doe not and never ha contained prune juice."
how funny! i wa just thinking of something similar to that about 10 min ago!
first poster is wrong.. fiction = not true. non fiction = true / factual
lmao...cute question my dear but get off yahoo answer now and come to bed!! no more excuses!! lol!
i lived in wisconsin. we had some there but i believe they are gone now. i thought they went out of business.
diablo=devil. dios=god. so jesus cristo mi dios is jc my god in spanish
"it because sometimes being gay mean you will be prepared to live a single life and grow old alone unless you found somebody that will sweep you off your feet, thats a different story. difficult? no. life is just a matter of adjustment."
"sound like you got a bad spelling of the name of maximilien robespierre, the french revolutionary leader who played a major role in the so-called reign of terror. france, in the 1790s -- any good encyclopedia will give you more information than you probably want to know about this sadistic creep."
"unfortunately, most of them lack a real solution. standard of ethic change, a do situations, along with perceptions. ethic are relative and any dilemma is a point of perception. from a different perspective, it might not be a seen a a dilemma, ethical or otherwise!"
once the human male reach middle age something happens to their genetic makeup making them dress that way. it ha something to do with camouflage and the herding instinct. if they all look the same there is le chance of one of them being picked off by a pushy salesperson or the irs.. . also because of the chemical imbalance in the brain caused be the gene mutating it make them think they look cool.
"i think person ha some mental issue , and is going through one of many phases. he/ she probably spends too much time in front of the tv and not enough time reading......"
i don't they get stuck in my teeth . . my dad love them and he microwave them first to make them soft.
only an administrator of the group can reactivate it. link is for yahoo group help:
go out and get you some beehives. honey that come from your own hive is the best. just don't eat to much of it and get sick of it like i did!! lol
magic. this is the stupidest question i've ever heard.
"it is not a real claim with support, it is more like them claiming that allah, meaning the islamic faith, is evil. it is yet another attempt by intolerant and ignorant christian (not talking about most christians, just the stupid ones) to bring down other religions. allah is not satan, it's just a way to make islam seem like evil and bloodthirtsy barbarian when it's the ignorant christian who are barbaric."
"through natural leadership selection. in very ancient society those who were the strongest, most skillful and most inspiring became the natural leader of their people. a long a the people had confidence in their leaders, they kept loyal to them and their offspring, since early society were clan-based. later the clan became nation and the leader became king (and in some matriarchical society queens)."
"no,. i love my chest size, except for the fact that bathing suit top are a bit small. i'm a d."
"the only con i can think of is drinking it late at night and having trouble sleeping.. . the pro's. high in antioxidants, give a small energy boost, tea ha been shown to help rebuild the immune system with regular consumption..."
any sin is making god le than u or thinking we know better or that god isn't who he say he is so all sin ha pride involved. we think we are god or at least better that god when we sin
"i asked this same question and the answer were hilarious. you are dealing with an irrational brainwashed mass of idiots. the bible wa stolen from pagans, romans, greeks, all kind of people. and, used to cause more death and destruction than all war combined (heck, most war were caused by christians)"
"we were all created in the image of god and he created u to love, live for, and to worship him. it's so wonderful............."
life ha whatever meaning you give to it. the only condition is that you have to be alive in order to assign meaning to life. so maybe the meaning of life is living your life in a way that you want to live it.
"first, you have to get him to join the republican party. then, you move him to texas and run him for president. just look at the dildo in the white house for proof."
"it is a sign that the god is big and superior ot all others. only the first letter of other name need be capitalized. when i type the name of a demon- i use only small letters, even for the first letter of it name."
sometimes they do. i bought organic banana a couple month ago that were green and had to wait nearly a month for them to ripen.
"let them know that you, whose name is the lord-- that you alone are the most high over all the earth. (niv)"
they have childhood trauma .. . besides...they hate younger people who reminds them who old and how miserable their life ha been.. simple a that.
"because some question challenge their beliefs. the people who are mean are the one who feel that their belief are in jeopardy, and without them, they won't know how to live their lives!"
"i see it too, i think it because to them it is easier and faster to just toss it out the window rather than putting it out in an ashtray. smoking if bad for them, u and the enviroment, but they dont care so why would they care about tossing one out?"
they obviously couldn't color when they were little...lol or they just don't care. alot of people don't know how to drive either....so annoying.
"i dont know where you got that, but the rule is simple..... if something is harmful for one to consume, than it is forbidden to eat or drink it.. . that is not a true tradition..... someone trying to make fun of islam prob. just made it up."
"yes we do, all the red neck and trailor trash are breeding. it's horrible."
"the smelll of a fart is a pretty good indication of what condition your bowel are in. a particularly acrid fart could mean that you've eaten something bad, or even suggest an infection. smelling our own fart could be a basic brain mechanism for checking on how our innards are doing.. . this is the second fart question i've answered seriously today..."
"a fanciful novel of fiction with many made up anti-christian/anti-catholic story claimed by the author to be fact, but based on myth or made up by the author's imagination in a feeble attempt to attack the catholic church.. . what is true in it is that there is a place called paris, france, there is a church called the catholic church, and there wa a guy named da vinci who wa an artist."
that's the whole point. it wa a test that 1.9 billion people failed. may allah be the judge between us!
"my thought xactly! . . it's ""their"" way of controlling what we know and do!"
a situation of famine. the author is trying to be dramatic and showy
it crossed! but on the way back it curled up in between the light to avoid being hit... but failed to realize it wa a three wheel car..... splat!
rent it from a friend.. i don't think it is possible.. in fact you even have a problem if you only have a debit card.
"happiness. whether loving someone or being loved by someone, the meaning of love is happiness."
"sorry, i don't remember, it been year since i read the book. try and see if work for you.. . good luck."
try to make it clear u r responsible enouf and u will take care of your self while u wit him. and tell her dis is yor moment for her to trust u and ull b allright.
"it doesnt always land face down, you just remember it landing face down because you have to scrape all the hair and fluff off it before you eat it.. . if you drop a slice of bread off a standard worktop, the bread only ha enough time to rotate one and a quarter turn before it hit the ground, therefore, it land on the edge, giving the bread a 50/50 chance. if you drop it while walking back to your chair, it ha a higher or lower distance to fall which change the odds."
sojourn mean temporary stay. it could mean something like a drifter or a nomad who go from one place to another.
"with a net. once you gather them all together, open the hen house door and set them inside. i am on the right track, right?"
"i consider it comparable to ram in a computer. where knowledge is like hard drive space, ram is about the speed and accuracy of processing data. just about everyone can synthesize, ponder and deduce, but the most intelligent people can do it faster, more sharply and with multiplicity."
"i don't know i'm not white, i would never use it no matter how mad a white person made me. because it ha no power behind it."
"oilfied term, for pumping mud down into the hole they just drilled. the mud is treated so it will congeil in the sand and keep the condition of the hole more stable."
"pink lemonade get it color, and therefore it name, from the addition of another juice into the mix. usually strawberry, cherry, or cranberry."
and why is phonics spelled the way it sounds?. . and why do u park in a driveway?
it just depends on what the airline does. some airline will continue to fly. others will not. you should purchase trip protection that will cover you in case of airline bankruptcy.
it is the background to what we are today. people can learn from history too.
it wa god who created the earth. the first couple chapter of genesis explain that. it took 6 day and on the 7th day he rested.
i have always preferred flapjacks......or a i like to call them...... mr.hurnoldo louissa crinfold flapper of the jack trisham cakes.pancakes like to lick fresh turnfeld apple blasters!!!!!!!!!!
funny! they never play that where i am from!
"'coz they think auntie can't sexually harass us.. . ya it's annoying, i hate that, maybe they don't have enough male cleaner"
"do you mean ""dust"" a in ""ashes to ashes, dust to dust""? that refers to the decaying of the body after death."
accidentally.. . it wa a mistake.. . the project immediately called off but the product keep on multiplying by themselves on earth and some even insist that they are the outcome of a meaningful plan designed by god.. . some even ask how this ever happened.
"every atheist is different, but it probably stem from the fact that most people simply can't 'believe' that another person can't believe in something. after all, they've been trained/ taught/ conditioned since childhood to believe in god or some kind of creator. to not believe kind of boggles their mind. so they pre-judge others on their on observations."
"hard to answer. it depends on the site and source. i'm always cautioning student to use more source than just the internet.. . not every source is 100 per cent correct, but unfortunately, the internet is 100 per cent easier for student to use than getting to a library..."
"thats just it, they can risk shooting innocent people, thats why they try to pit them. i think maybe they should shoot tire out. i mean the driver loses control anyway.. but, the european made a cool device that get shot under the car and take out the electrical system."
"well gee i don't know but they have a deliciously goodness to them don't they? just make ya swoon huh?! now i want one...gee, thanks!!!"
thats the problem of christian and moslems. too bad a their teaching are too shallow to understand the law of karma which is also a universal law which affect all regardless of faith or religion.
you got it! a tall vehicle make up for what they lack in their pant and iq. good one!
when you are an artist you are asked to write an artist statement. learn proper written english. you will need it.
"well, u need money to buy ticket and other expenses. first arrange money.. cheer"
because it collaborates with local company and market their products. . unilever is a marketing company and not a manufacturing company.-- got it.
damn! $3.95? can ya post that 900#? i'm payin' $5.95 and it's killing me!
i do not know why you think it is sad. i think it is totally amazing. to have a god that is willing to offer his own son a a human sacrifice for my sins....and offer eternal life in paradise. what do you think is sad about that?
"a person who can accept without regret, remorse or anger or judgment - people who act, think, worship, and speak differently than him and know that others have a right to thier life just a much a he doe to his.. . most narrow minded people think that there is only one way of doing thing -the way their holy book or political ideology or family tradition have tought them to do things."
"breakfast actually signifies breaking the fast observed through the previous night i.e. after dinner, a person doesn’t have any food till the next morning. a that is considered a period of fasting, the next meal is in the morning and that’s called a breakfast."
a conversation - for me i am talking to god - if you have a relationship with someone and never talk to them what happens to that relationship. it is a way of keeping a freshness in your relationship with god. i do it because it help me and is my sanirty.
"i think that you must be talking about preparing food, so, in that sense:. . capear: to layer (or to add layers). (as, for example, in ""capear una lasaña con multiple hojas de pasta"")"
"a posada is a guest house, something like a bed and breakfast... casa particular is a private home, a house where a family life and you'll be staying in a bedroom with no privacy at all, with people asking you all kind of questions, wondering where you've been and where are you going... i suggest that if you stay at a casa particular you should put lock in your luggage"
"because that's how their parent and friend and everyone else say it. it annoys me, too, but i don't judge. we still understand the word, after all."
"because, a a teacher, you're an employee of the catholic church, which means, in essence you're representing the catholic church and its' belief in the eye of the child you teach and the parent you interact with. and just like a coke driver can't drink pepsi while they're in uniform, if you're not presenting the catholic lifestyle, you're not gonna be paid to teach in a catholic school."
"a wet bar is a small bar equipped with a sink in a house or hotel room, used for mixing alcoholic drinks. sorry, but i have no idea what a dry bar is."
"the pope doesn't communicate with god, he speaks for god.. he is inspired by the holy spirit. god guide him and doesn't lead him into error. he can't speak with god, he is just the universal christian leader like peter was, because he is the successor of peter."
"usually in english transliteration it is spelled ""tuchas"" and it is yiddish for 'buttocks'. it come from the hebrew word 'tachat' which mean 'underneath.'"
"you smile. :). they hate that.. smile and act sweet and say thing like ""have a great day"" and stuff like that.. :)"
"we all have very different personalities...with different point of view...with different set of experience and the way we dealt with them is different...it's all in our nature to defend ourselves and think that what we've done is right especially if it wa right/good for us...but thing are very different for everyone.... . besides, if we all got along, it'd be too boring..."
"you're quite right, how anal ( i had become )!. there's much more important thing to worry about.. . oppps & sorry if it was/is me, that you are referring to."
"because the bible say that your evidence, you have the holy ghost is when you speak in tongues.. . you have gave your heart, soul, and mind to the lord jesus christ."
"it doesn't really matter what the truth is, people are going to believe what they want to believe, regardless if it's fact or fiction. so essentially, the truth is whatever you want it to be."
"sound like this would translate a ""floating island,"" which is a very old-fashioned dessert. you might try joy of cooking or one of the foodie sites."
crystaline salt.. . (i'm definiteley pro cheese - it's one of my favourite foodstuffs.)
"huge is when we sit and look at it; but if we stand and start digging it, it will diminish through time. therefore, do what you can every time."
i would not wear a graven image around my neck. if jesus would have been shot with a shot gun would people be wearing shot gun image around their necks?
"usually they keep the title til death. when they get to the point where they cant really function at their job, their successor would step in for them but wouldnt officially get the title of being a king or queen yet."
the lighter the color of the lemon the sourer it is in the inside. . this is because the darker color mean it riper and sweeter
hoisin sauce mean seafood sauce in cantonese. it is mainly used in southern chinese cooking a a dipping sauce.
"marmite is really good on bread & butter w/ sliced cucumber, it's also good with tomatoes.. it can also be used a a broth, just add hot water to some."
"any obsession becomes an addiction when an individual's life, finance and relationship are ruined or interrupted and devastated because of it. the true clinical insanity manifest when an addiction take one out of reality and paranoia, rage, demons, take over. an inability to work and agoraphobia and/or depression are sometimes milder symptoms."
we use the word common because it is recognized by most everyone a what everyone really belief or accepts a reality and truth. what happens is that we have to learn to practice this which mean thinking about what we do and say. some people choose not to do this. thus they make the mistake and become more self-centered instead of staying centered with all humanity.
attitude ha several meanings. it could refer to how a person feel about a subject. it also refers to the position of an aircraft relative to the horizon.. . aptitude is the ability to perform a task.
"to recapture the past that is yet to come would be called living. in essence, we are remembering the future every moment of our lives.. . the second you experience, you are capturing the moment at the same time a processing the experience, at which time you are recapturing the moment (remembering)."
when my father died i didn't cope with it to well but i started thinking that he is in a better place and not feeling all the pain he was. that wa the only way i coped plus having loved one near also is a comfort.
"religious philosophy or speculation about the nature of the soul based on mystical insight into the nature of god. . often theosophy the system of belief and teaching of the theosophical society, founded in new york city in 1875, incorporating aspect of buddhism and brahmanism, especially the belief in reincarnation and spiritual evolution."
"if a person having a passport he will be eligible for accessing the following benefites,. . 1.identification of citizen of one nation.. 2.getting bank loan in easy way.. 3.creating bank account in very faster way.. 4.for election time he can show passport for polling.. 5.getting all the feature of government policies.. 6.registaring in employeement office.. . and many thing he can access in easy way if he having the passport."
"hey not everyone belief in your god, how do you really know he/she exists? have you met him/her? if you have no proof, which you dont have any, then you cant prove he/she exists. dont even say the bible is my proof cuz it could have been written by some crazy person who wanted to controll the world and by believeing them you are letting them controll not only the world but yourself a well."
probably refering to thier wet pants. but it's actually meant ' to have a drink.'
"mean she's a flake and wear cat ear on a regular basis.. . run away, run quickly and far."
it the body way of fighting off viruses. so the immune system try it best to fight of virus or you may get sick.
"1. go buy some asphalt patch and get to work. 2. depending on the owner of the road, complain to the appropriate agency, state road - dept of transportation, city or county road - city or county engineering/capital improvements/public works. good luck"
a martini and a cosmopolitan are two type of cocktails. cocktail are all mixed drinks.
"it mean the total understanding of the theme, the genre, the sociology and all the style resource used by the writer in literary works.. . if they say that the exam will be comprehensive it mean that you are expected to know all the content (what they say) , the style (how they say it) and terminology (with what words)."
because i find it hard to believe in immaculate conception. i also do not feel any spiritual connection to any of the judaic religions.. . thanks for asking!
where are you submitting it to? usually just a drawing on a piece of letter sized paper works. whoever is doing the screen printing will be able to recreate the design onto a screen for reproduction onto a shirt.
"well, there are a lot of weirdo online, and perhaps some of them don't want to be bothered by them? it go both ways---there are some non-theists and other theist who didn't put up their avatar for personal reasons."
"you dont have to make any phone calls. just go directly to the tsa's website, they tell the airline what is acceptable and it constantly changes."
"i have a week worth of food supply and i am close to a store. i am in my basement with a shotgun and a computer, phone, and hairclippers. i have a bible, and a morman bible. just incase the mormans are right like in south park"
he didnt. if he did there would be intelligent design which doesnt exist a anyone who ever had their wisdom teeth removed can tell you.
"i don't think that's the rule, but check out dr. freud's psychology. he would say that's some kind of trauma that child develop (edipo & elektra)"
"well, if i understand correctly, ""shemales"" are people with part of a female and part of a male, and most ""shemales"" have breast like a woman, but a penis like a man. there aren't too many woman who look like a man above the waist and a woman below, althought there have been some people who look like men but are born without genitalia or seriously deformed genitalia. so my guess a to how you become a 'shemale"" would be to get breast implant but leave the dangly bit below. oh, and dress like a woman so you can give them a real surprise when they get you home..."
"testosterone make guy do weird thing doesn't it? they don't really care ""where she's been""......they aren't planning on keeping her, just getting what they can from her while she is around. when they are ready to find the right one for a long-time-commited relationship, they certainly won't look for ""that"" type."
"last time i did this wa larne to caernryan by seacat inbetween, but it is possible although a very long tiring journey. see a travel agent or check with ulsterbus who may know who run this service."
"dead sea: because no fish or aquatic organism can live in it.. . black sea: not clear why, maybe because of the dark color of the water, or for the compass direction for ""north"" would be the black color on the compass.. . red sea: not clear why it called ""red sea""... maybe ""red"", is the compass direction for ""south"" or a mistranslation for ""sea of reeds"""
they are jealous. so very very jealous.. . especially since i am now legally provided a fresh bottle of adderall each month.
your soul is the electrical impulse that run through your brain. it leaf your body once you can no longer sustain it. your soul is eternal.
do you live in the usa? well i think that we should take care of our own first unlike what we currently do! we need to stop spending billion upon billion of american dollar over sea and our space project and take care of home first ..... then worry about everything else..... the usa should not have a homless population muchless starving familes!
"~read the book, if you can. it will probably answer all your questions. they didn't teached me nuttin bout dat stuff, but they taught me to read and think."
there is a lot more home heating oil and it cost le to process. the sad thing is that bottled water cost more than gasoline!!
"unreason!. nobody know anything about god, i see no reason to imagine a god exists others do but it is purely speculation on their part.. why would god require to be sexed..the whole idea of god and a god that ha a sex is nonsense...if there is only one god who would he be mating with?...it's pure trash and illogic.. . there is no intellectual honesty in evidence with those who claim a god."
i think they are all porn pros. they all know each other and are not worried about stds'
"continued solvent abuse can cause proteinuria and haematuria, hepatorenal syndrome (kidney failure) and nephrolithiasis (kidney stones), basically it not a good idea !!"
"the yeast. . a lager us a yeast that floats, and is typically brewed at a colder temperature.. an ale us a yeast that sinks, and is brewed at warmer temperature"
"lol because that the type of people they are,there no better then the rich taking from the poor.they want people for all walk of life to respect them, but they don't give any respect back,instead of giving respect they criticize other people religion and judge others like they are god.. . christian are losing the battle and they will soon lose the war."
lucite is generally much harder and more durable than acrylic. they're going to last much longer.
green tea (6 oz.): 12-45 mg of caffeine. coffee (8 oz.): 60-120 mg of caffeine
they were both written in 1791. the latter wa written by olympe de gouge in response to the document due to the fact that it wa generally understood that those right outlined were not necessarily appliciable to woman at the time.
"in italy we call pasta ""la pasta"" simple, huh? well actually no one just say we had pasta for lunch they name the specific name, such a ""i paccheri"", ""le penne"", ""i spaghetti"", ""i cappellini"" and so on"
"breasts, because then you have the pain of shoulder strain also. that's why reduction surgery is so great; guy who think it's a pity don't know how difficult it is for girl who know they are too large and have constant ache and bad posture."
good point!. i guess those people are usually those who dont have anything else to be proud of
"long ago, there were a lot of street 'apple vendors' in the depression era. also, there wa a popular song in new york in the 1930's called ""big apple""."
he did not..... . he came to earth just 2000 year ago.. and our planet earth wa here some million of years.. and even before 2000 year ago there were many other religion other than jesus..then how can u say jesus ha created.
"to go against the establishment, for example in french revolution against the monarchy and the right of the bourguesi. in latin america revolution against people in power to get better life or improve living conditions,"
"hey, you never know what will come out and reach you when you are doing your business.. . better be safe than sorry."
"cognitive psychology is the psychological science that study cognition, the mental process that underlie behavior, including thinking, reasoning, decision making, and to some extent motivation and emotion. cognitive psychology cover a broad range of research domains, examining question about the working of memory, attention, perception, knowledge representation, reasoning, creativity and problem solving."
"maybe you just aren't the type. perhaps you don't look like a villain, or don't have the right voice.. i'm sure there's a villain out there somewhere who would fit you just fine, but those show may not have been the right place for you.. casting decision are often unexplainable. directors' mind work in strange ways, but it often turn out alright.. practice playing the villain on your own, with monologue or scenes, and work up a cool character that you can adapt for auditions. your time will come."
"well, i'm not sure i would go back in time to a different age. i don't care to repeat my past. however, if i could have a completely different past, i think i'd go back to 15 and start it all over."
"this reminds me of a joke 'why did god make whiskey? to keep the irish from taking over the world!' . but seriously, it's human nature to destroy ourselves.it's called survival of the fittest."
"most northerner (i'm one) don't believe that. just a small percentage of morons. moron are everywhere, you can't do anything about it. i know quite a few people from the south and they're all very cool, and not at all stupid."
"1) economics touch nearly every component of our life and so it understanding is essential for an educated citizenship.. . 2) it requires a focus on logic and causal reasoning, rather than emotive decision-making and coincidence.. . 3) it combine quantitative with qualitative analysis, thus allowing for a more persuasive argumentational style."
"fedex, must be unloaded in a locked case and declared a firearm, also get the full insurance. i just flew on southwest and had a firearm a a declared peace of luggage, went threw all the step they require, i would recheck with your airlines."
"before it invention, written material wa produced by hand, which wa obviously time consuming, so it wa done in limited amounts. the press meant information could be recorded and shared more easily; news of various events/places wa more readily available to more people."
"a guardian angel is an angel. whereas, the holy ghost is the 3rd person in the holy trinity or god the holy ghost......................................."
"it's a term used for a woman who turn into a beast once the date for a wedding is set, much to the dismay of her future husband. :)"
"just go to ""start""...""allprograms"" and click on the new program. . good luck"
"life is with higher goals. that's the whole purpose of life, to gain a higher goal. did you know; we are not human having spiritual experiences, we are spirit having human experiences?"
we rely on our instincts....our gut feelings....to decide whether or not to believe a stranger.. . it is amazing how intuitive we are. the most important thing is to remember to always listen to that voice inside you.
"""light,"" reason, purity of perception etc metaphor go back a long long time. it's a preference of logo over eros. in a word it is 'cultural'."
"i am suprised no one ha given this answer yet but my opinion is because people like to feel smart. it's reassuring to one's own sense of intelligence to feel like they know the answer to something that someone else doesn't. it's an ego boost, a confidence enabler and just make people proud of themselves."
"h2o accually ha a taste. it depends on the mineral that are in it, and if it is soft or hard, and what the ph level is. pure h2o doesn't taste, and no one know why..."
"they do not know the value of time, the most precious gift of nature. by the time they realise, it becomes too late."
maybe they are restless spirit because of something unresolved in their lives. a good lesson to u in this world to work out our problem a soon a we can.
only monte python knows. . . i think it ha something to do with killer bunny though.
if you cut the cup in three equal piece it the volume of 2 piece added together. what is 2/3 of a pizza? it if you cut pizza in 3 slice and you get 2. that mean you got 2 slice out of 3 slices.
"how did machiavelli get thown in here..... wierd. anyway, they are all political and they all expressed their politics in an artistic way, sculpting, painting,book writing etc. really though, write your own paper,"
"because there is too much money being made on the old-school energy sources. george bush, who is in league with oil company and the like, would be the last person to actually pursue new energy sources.. once we get rid of him, and it becomes clear that finding new (and most likely cleaner) source of energy will also help the economy, it'll start to happen. nothing good can happen while these clown are in office."
"go to the closest embassy or consulate - canadian, british, austrailian, etc. you do not necessarily have to ask for the exact group you are looking for, but you will find several lead - other group and individual that will put you in the direction you want to go. maybe even the u consulate can help if you ask the question right."
"he is an angel of the lord doing god will. god created him evil to fulfill his will. "" i for the light, and create darkness: i make peace, and create evil: i the lord do all these things."" isaiah 45:7"
pull off her bikini top. throw a candy bar in the pool behind him and scream. those are pretty simple
"cause you don,t even know that you don,t know---happy happy joy joy !!!"
"i don't like blowing smoke out my nose, i find it kind of painful. i think some people do it to look like dragons."
i think a mouth full of pancake taste delicious. haha
"multiple motives, mostly bad. you can respond through yahoo question and answer without your e-mail address. then you will get closer to the truth on the individual when they either respond or don't respond. what we are doing now should be enough rather than going private."
cuz they are soft outside and creamy inside...yummy. remind you of anything---haha
"i'm a southerner- though i moved to the northeast... a southerner is very friendly, ""my home is your home."" they are very good host and typically make you feel at home by cooking huge meal that'll keep you full for several days. they're very warm people too... i'm sure there's more that i'm leaving out."
what city are you in? there are a lot of city that have bus that run on mlk.
"the age difference had to be at least 20 years. i haven't read little woman in a while, but jo wa probably 20-25 and bhaer around 45-50."
"after transforming into humans, and realizing what a huge mistake they have made, ape decided to stop the process and now monkey do not become human any more. what a pity.... but, on the other side, some human are very successful in reversing the process."
"the answer lie in whether the advance wa welcome or not welcome. it's never appropriate to pat a woman on the behind unless you're in an established relationship with her and it's not offensive to her. american have 18"" on average of personal space that should not be intruded upon. in both of your examples, it is sexual harassment but it's also the woman's prerogative to press charges."
"loving oneself is being at peace with oneself a an individual and understanding our imperfection and working on/ with them.. . possessing compassion for oneself is an important step towards loving oneself, often we are too self-critical and unforgiving towards our mistakes, while we are able to forgive the very same mistake if made by others.. . we castigate ourselves for failing to live up to our ideal standard when our past deed don't reconcile to our ideals, this unforgiving attitude never let u be in peace with ourselves, this attitude stop u from ever being able to love ourselves, when we offer ourselves redemption we are able to be more accepting and we make it easier to love ourselves guilt-free"
"abakada wa the tagalog alphabet of 20 letter introduced by lope k. santos during the american occupation of the country and adopted by the national language institute of the philippine in 1973. the alphabet wa again expanded in 1976 to include the letter c, ch, f, j, ll, ñ, q, rr, v, x, and z in order to accommodate word of spanish and english origin."
red fire hydrant are more limited in their performance ability because of their lack of a large diameter hose connection. that is if it is a private fire hydrant.
"a a pastor i have faced this same dilemma. i think the best and most just thing to do, if they cannot be re-used by some person or organization, is to recycle them. this honor god's creation, which pre-dates by billion of years, the written word."
it mean the person talking didn't say those exact words. the interviewer or editor added them so that the statement make more sense.
i wa thinking about this place downtown. i like it alot and it's closer to (make something up).
"they're too busy partying to keep the place picked up.. . also, i think the landlord don't give a hoot because they're rental property and who want to spend money on something that others aren't going to take care of."
"despite what the public opinion may be it is not the oil compnanies. most of the cost in the price of a gallon of gas is for the price of the crude oil which is controlled mostly by opec. the next largest price is about 45-50 cent per gallon that go to the government who contributes nothing to the process of finding, procurring, and distributing the oil."
"install asian font on your computer, then ask about those rectangles.. . my god, i can't imagine someone so stupid like you actually exists... and now i see other people agree with you too."
"because if one pause in the middle of a sentence and doesn't say anything, the person they're talking to could start talking, even though the first person wasn't finished talking. it's something that simply fill in space to let the other person know you're trying to think of something to say, or the correct words."
"they don't have any hope, and no joy. guess i'd be nasty and grumpy too."
"maybe you know something that god doesn't know.. . god created all the other stuff, but god breathed life into adam.. . if you think that mankind made up these story about soul / life, and whatever, then get 'pissed off'.. . if you consider the soul sacred and bound for the afterlife, then show a little bit more respect."
when the ice first hit the water it melt just a little on the surface. then when the ice cube bump together that melted service water freeze back together.
"a most vile concoction of pickled, spicy, chopped up vegetables. eat with caution. plan on spending an inordinate amount of time in the bathroom after eating it."
"the joy of the lord is my strength speaks of how we need to delight in god above all else. the way we glorify god is by delighting in him, and this delighting give u strength to make it through each day. god ha called u to be joyful, happy, delighted in him for his glory."
"punk evolved in the 70's. then came postpunk, which in the late eighty spawned goth. in the late eighties/early ninety the 'emo' genre evolved, emo being short for 'emotional hardcore' or 'emotive'."
use a cherry pitter. it ha a little plunger to push out the stone.
"caffeine can cause heart palpitations, jitters, and bad nerves. not wise at bedtime."
beer is nasty to me i dont like it..i dunno why people always fight. i just wish we all could get alone
turn on the grill . leave it there and a soon a your neighbor realize you are cooking you turn it around... . pour some bbq sauce on it and go...
"our soul life in our body, our body is not immortal until we are resurrected. then we will have body of flesh and bone like our heavenly father. did you know your body is just a shell four your spirit? so your body actually look just like your spirit...neat hu."
"people have pretty strong opinion on it, one way or another. people love to talk about their opinions."
you're outdated.. . it's air george now.. . unfortunately.
"because it's fun and it make people feel good that other people care that they got hurt. child think that way, anyway. it's like a long-lasting get well card."
"an artist is not bound by the idea of planning inherent in the word design, so it implies a freer stance. but in the art employment world, they are relatively the same...just semantics. some people associate computer or tech backgound more with the word designer than that of artist...but it's not necessarily true."
they are a family business each restaurant is owned by a family member. that's why every one is the same they don't deviate. there are in-n-outs in nevada and arizona also. so you can take a vacation and still get the best burger and fries.
"both can be considered dry, white wines. chablis is a common table wine; chardonnay tends to be ""drier"" and is often thought of a an acquired taste."
"cunning in middle english, present participle of connen, to know, from old english cunnan.. . someone with skill of deception ha to be intelligent and wise and ha ingenuity."
"dreaming of the past and your mind put it into what ever scenerio. go with it and enjoy, there are a million people that would love to dream about lost loved one"
sound like you have all you need. ever try to call the church and ask? they might know.. . have a good week.
"the freudian explanation would be ""the oedipus complex "" that he claim to be within u from the very beginning of our lives..that could be the reason why we try to find our life mate to match our father/mother profile .my case is a textbook one. i look freaking scary like my husband 's mother , not physically , character wise ."
"mate, your a guy right??? well it will just come naturally too you.... ha ha ha"
"the peter principle--you rise to the highest level of your incompetency.. . the principle is based on the observation that in an organization new employee typically start in the lower ranks, but when they prove to be competent in the task to which they are assigned, they get promoted to a higher rank. this process of climbing up the hierarchical ladder can go on indefinitely, until the employee reach a position where he or she is no longer competent. at that moment the process typically stops."
sex is in your ear and your mind. it is not in those writing you read.
because they love him...... . also - - baaaaa baaaaaa :-)
"do you mean comforting-or confronting?. comforting-a state of being free from suffering,pain or anxiety. confront-face,consider unpleasant difficulty . conforting , well i don't know !"
"not too bad. i have anxiety disorder, so the morning always kind of suck for some reason, but im okay, eventhough i gotta be at work tonight in about 2 hours."
couldnt find educated answer on internet . . the reason is because it not fresh
"it is very obvious mate. the more you talk to native speaker the more you can tell the difference.. english accent is very clear in pronunciation.. australian accent is very exaggerated and not very clear.. and people that come from non-english speaking background will have very distinctive accent a well.. moreover, they usually have very distinctive word that are spoken only by the particular countries."
sugar come from either sugar cane or red beet and is processed into cubes. salt is mined and is a natural mineral that is in the ground.
"i think revelation, along with other apocalyptic literature, is full of figurative language meant to say ""god will defeat our enemy and we will come out on top!"" the figurative language is used so the enemy may not know that the book is about them. revelation, for example, is meant a a way for early christian to tell each other ""god will destroy rome one day!"" if they wrote that down, rome would wipe them out, but if they write about god destroying beasts, monsters, and devils, then there's le of a chance of that."
"good question...in god we trust is on all of our coins, one nation under god is in our pledge of allegiance, it wa obviously our founding father intention to have this nation be god oriented. we do allow for religious freedom here, which i am grateful for, it is what make america what it is, and since our nation wa founded on god, those who can not deal with his name being used should find somewhere they are more comfortable, or learn to be tolerant. we don't stop other religion from practicing their faiths, or those who choose to not practice or not believe, but why should we have to assimilate to those who don't share the value on which this country wa founded."
"i sure a hell don't. i mean, why would god curse adam and eve for eating an apple? i believe it's a symbol a are a lot of the other unbelievable part of the bible."
temperature are in degree fahrenheit.. average maximum temperature for october is 86.2.. average minimum temperature for october is 75.9.. the mean temperature for october is 80.8 with a standard deviation of 1.8.
"well, i picked up a pack of turkish jade last night after reading this question, and it wa very nice and evenly balanced. smooth and mellow just like they advertise. you wouldn't catch me with royal or silver just a fast a you would catch me trying to quit smoking all together, i'm not really a fan of hyped up candy brands, just give me a plain pack of camel, even better get me unfiltered. my guess is that the turkish royal is not a clove cigarette, because clove cigarette usually place their origin in indonesia..but it is probably an ultra rich blend."
"i love beauty the most- the beauty of darkness, silence, visual textures, sound textures, fractals, convolutions, simple and compound geometrical forms, and musical note forms.. . i fear a possible future the most- the future in which there are not enough dedicated good people to get even a small foothold of progress, and a a result, people of wrongful intent triumph, such that injustice irreversibly reigns."
"it is a tribal tradition in most tribe that they name you.. just a few make you earn it, from thing you normally do.. some chief do the naming, or ok the name chosen for you."
lol yeah!if being gay or supernaturally vain is concedered to be special!. . actually maybe they are special for being sooooooooooo.....can i say it?no sorry
"i think i've seen this question before...hmmmm.. . déja vu mean ""already seen"". . veja du look like some language where it could mean ""see [that] it's completed"""
"it doesn't disprove god.. . it disproves the bible a literal and irrefutable source of faith.. . many christian cannot deal with that concept--for them the bible is their only link to god, and anything that counter the bible is an attack on their faith."
"i think american have an unconscious bias that people with british accent are smarter. they sound smarter. so any evil maniac that could challenge our hero in the movie must be pretty smart, yes?"
"i don't know if it is a *name* in chinese, but it is a chinese word. 'ai' mean 'love', 'ren' mean 'person'. so literally it mean 'lover' or 'beloved'. in fact, from what i understand, it is a somewhat old-fashioned way to describe one's husband or wife."
lol im filipino and been living in the philippine for ten year just moved here about 3 year ago. in my experience filipino dont need translation for english because most of them can understand it and it part of there national language and they also teach it at school starting from kindergarten. jst like how they teach french in the english-speaking part of canada and vice-versa.. and ur right we dont really read harry potter book there [ive read the whole series tho] it became famous because of the movie and all.
"latin root for the word curriculum, which, when literally translated mean to 'run the course' or 'life course'. simply put, currere is an examination of the the internalized understanding of an individual through experience associated with a persons' life course."
in the south you had slave owner who used the bible to justify owning slaves... it is more of a tradition there to use the bible. the north didn't have that same need to soothe their conscious.
my kind of people.. . lol. . thanks for getting me going this morning.
first.. that is in hindi.. . . in english it pretty much it mean . she gave you ten excuse and stole your heart
"lol, agree!! i'm 15, and i dont have a bf yet, and everyone think there's something wrong with me! i dress the way i want, act the way i want, and dont really ""fit in"" anywhere. good luck, dont feel like your alone, cause i know exactly what you're going through."
"i daresay the official definition is ""having been born in england"".. . there you go. patriotism is for idiots."
"krishna is according to various hindu tradition the eighth or the ninth avatar of vishnu. in gaudiya vaishnavism, he is seen a the supreme person (god) and thus the origin of all other incarnations."
because they can with impunity. they can relieve their agressions in an anonymous virtual world without any recriminations.
because they are completely lucky and fluke.... they flop every play and expect the ref to give out yellow card like mad!!! germany is going to destroy them... lol
"that's a tough one.. the u doe give million of dollar to israel evey year.. a a tax payer we should be asking where those dollar go.. i believe that israel ha every right to protect it's border however having said that we've seen way to much footage of israeli tank bulldozing palsetinian woman and child out of their homes.. the u give million each year to both israel and the palestinian and the taxpayer need to know where exactly this money is going.the average american on the street doesn't care though,why should they care about the middle east when over 1/2 the country couldn't even be bothered to vote in their own presidential election."
"a blueprint is, conceptually, a plan or design documenting an architecture or an engineering design. while this may be a simple a a quick sketch or outline using pencil and paper, a blueprint is traditionally reflected a the contact printing process of cyanotype. it is cyanotype which produce the familiar white line on blue background. the term is often used metaphorically to mean any detailed plan"
"ancient rome wa full of drums, horns, percussion instruments, and harps. singing wa also popular."
because you just found out that gaining point doesn't win you a cool prize and so you're giving away the point you have earned.. a for the question: what am i?. you are a rare rainbow-plumed ruffle-feathered coo-cooing siberian homing pigeon.
the christ gave the power to continue his message to his apostles. they were given the authority to build his church and spread the good news throughout the world. the authority bestowed upon peter continues to this day through the church.
just keep asking that question - all your life - to those le fortunate and those who have never known anyone who ha cared enough to ask it. that's what you can do for me. it will help restore my faith in humanity.
"they are not only white. at the hospital where i work, they can be blue, white or yellow. white is common in many place because it give an impression of sterility and cleanliness, plus it is professional"
"who are the zaidis? you didnt quote the surah or verse it is from which make your evidence questionable.. i dont think we have authority to overturn something like that, allah will ask u on judgement day on what ground we did it.. ok, you are seriously crazy, i have judged this by the question you asked."
"this originated in the early 1980s. it is generally regarded a an american expression. this item from the new york newspaper the syracuse herald-american, feb. 1982, which is the earliest version in print that i can find, put that in some doubt. it's in a piece by jerry buck, writing out of los angeles, about actress lauren tewes"
"ever seen a race horse pee? go on and on forever a in ""pee me a river"""
"psychology isn't about happiness.. actually, religion is a very broad term.. but religion isn't really about happiness either. a person's religion may lead them to be happy, but happiness isn't the goal of either religion or psychology"
"an emo girl (or boy) is a person who is emotional, hence cry with love song or poems. normally emos have their own music and taste in clothing."
"i live in florida, and it get really hot here during the summer month - about the 90 or low 100 during the hottest days. it's 91 degree right now, and i have the ceiling fan going. it get cooler in the fall though, which the weather is a bit more comfortable. :)"
israel did not exist during the pharoanic period. they were hebrew then a they are today but without a country to be associated with except palestine....
da vinci's code wa written backwards so no one could understand what he wa saying.. . anything else is mere speculation
the word that is used in the english language for several grammatical purposes:. . -to introduce a restrictive clause . -as a demonstrative pronoun
"try national express. they would get you to southampton for around £23, then you would have to get the ferry over to wight and arrange your transport over there to wherever you wish to go to. or maybe your local travel agent can give you more detailed information."
"our generation is pathetic... we have men who are whiny people who act like girly men. if there is world war 3 right now. america would loose because men just grew a pussy and dropped their ball behind. here one thing, learn chinese prepare yourselves for a chinese takeover"
because he/she saw that there wa even more self loathing and darkness on the other side. sound good?
"i'm not sure what velvet said, but i hope it wa more coherent than your question. the christian version of the event is contradictory enough, but yours is altogether baseless."
"why is any preparation necessary? when the time comes, this will not even be an issue."
"usually an interrogation tactic to try and get people to talk that's ""cruel and unusual."" like something that would hurt them (physically or mentally)."
"there is some good information in a pdf file located at the site listed below. it's a fairly large file, however. the information you are looking for start at about page 34."
originally the process used to place food in a metal can. now however it refers to the process used to preserve food for later use. to seal in an airtight container for future use; preserve: canning peaches.
nypd - new york police department. fbi - federal bureau of investiation.. . fbi ha much more jurisdiction than the nypd. fbi ha branch in every state and nypd is strictly operated in new york.
use ghee on it.. . also you can place the finger in a icecool water for some time.. . and a suggested eairlier. use glove the next time.
we could always ask your fine looking a$$ to come up with some more. wow you look good in red.
"that is just what it is...a tic, a muscle spasm, usually worsens with stress. it's harmless, just irritating."
"the fresher the eggs, the harder to peel. try and peel a hot a possible (after cracking, see below) -while running them under cold water. i wa given another tip a long time ago and still work for me - after they are cooked, bounce them around in the pot (after you drain off the water) so they are cracked a lot -- super easy to peel (most of the time)."
"if you are talking about a computer virus--my thought are that they are are very bored, intelligent people out there. they have nothing to do but try to show they have some kind of intelligence that is destructive. they are aggressive people with the only way they can attack is to do it through computers, and unsuspecting people that really care about trying to communicate. so all you attacking virus people-we will talk, don't attack us."
"i suggest you have some sleep right now, cause you're not seeing it double, you've posted that question over 6 times.. . keep it up!"
"he did not! read the story again, and you will see 1) there wa no sex with the pharaoh 2) abram wa afraid for his life so he had sari tell the pharaoh that she wa abrams sister, which technically she was, she wa his half sister."
"no, my friend you got it wrong.... actually islam teach peace and harmony if you read the koran and a for the terrorists, they aren't considered muslim anymore, they just pretend they are on jihad, but they really don't have any religious motive behind them. they misinterperete the islamic religion, so dont listen to them and stop stereotyping! the real one who teach to hate are people like you who post question with non-relevant fact and try to make others look bad!!!!!"
"how you like, you could do cheese in the middle then ham then turkey then roast beef. like a circle in a circle or you could go on food network website or a different one, search engine are helpful!"
"1929. it followed his institution of the ""revolution from above"" of 1927-1928."
"because then people wouldn't eat it, which mean people wouldn't buy it, which mean that the people who want to exploit animal for their own profit wouldn't make any money. a**holes!"
"let look at ""our"" country, would you, given the chance move to oz or stay in this ripped off flea pit. i don't have the answer to your question and a much a i love england, the football, cricket and rugby, the history, and our way of life i would swap tomorrow. doe it matter that they call u ""poms"" look at what we call other nations, frogs, ities, spicks, jocks, etc. there is more to worry about my son"
it all started from slavery & the emancipation of slavery. i'ts nothing u and i can change physically it's a mental situation. for me it's called mentall slavery.
it just regular people like you and me that happened to live back then. they wrote what they saw.
"at this moment in time, it is politically correct not to insult islam for fear of alienating this section of the community. what get me is that this seems to make it open season on every other religion. this is wrong! why, because in open debate you should be able to tear apart the base line of anything in an argument (as long a it valid or be willing to accept that someone else may be right/you are wrong) without facing the threat of a suicide bomber trying to cosy up to you just so he can get to heaven and enjoy some virgins."
a far a i can remember it basically for policy considerations. if you raise or lower a tax will it affect how the item or good is purchased and how far up or down will the equilibrium move. and you can use it to estimate the tax gain from a good or market and the share of the burden that the supplier and the consumer bear
when i converted i did a lot of peyote.. . the shaman blessed me and the sacrament.
great for you bryan g. i'm happy that you're happy with virginity in your life. everybody should follow their own path and their own heart. i just hope that you don't judge others who do choose to embrace our god given sexuality. have a happy life!
"the flag are very similar but not identical - nz doesn't have the federation star in bottom left hand corner, and on nz's flag the star of the southern cross are filled with red while australia's are plain white. also, australia us all 5 star of the southern cross while nz only us the main 4 stars.. it would be great if both country got truly individual flag"
"because there wa no midway for hardly anything. lizard never where halfway between lizard and bird, invertabrae never had a halfway formed spine, ape where never halfway man. thats the only reason i can think ;)"
"mendi or henna is like a tatoo, and it is used for wedding and special occasion in india.only girl apply it. it can be put on the arm or the leg.it will be different colors, matter how long it ha been kept on, the lightest color(least time) is yellow. and if you keep it for a day or two then it can become black!!!"
"i'll keep posting this, read 'why trust the bible' by amy orr-ewing. she explains the flaw in the muslim argument against the validity of the bible. i hope you are seeking the truth for yourself and not engaging in faith-bashing, which will not show jesus in a good light....."
if you dig filipino food then try it there. i liked the food but it not really reasonable since it fels like paying for a home-cooked meal.
"1. a place of worship.. 2. slang term used to describe a house of ill repute or a titty bar when speaking in the presence of women.. 3. used to express agreement, to replace amen!. 4. slang for good bye, similar to peace."
"bring her a little gift and tell her how excited you are to be meeting new people. if you are nice to her, she will feel and look completely stupid. i always say kill them with kindness!"
"it could be argued that it is human nature. very young child are quite self-centred, without actually meaning to be 'selfish' or 'stingy' in a strict sense. with age and maturity, this gradually change into a more 'normal' give-and-take relationship with others. however, this might not just 'happen' if the child is not consciously guided and consequently doe not experience the inherent joy in giving or compassionate behaviour in general."
try yahoo maps. it give driving direction between any two address in the u.s.
"yes, do what you like - go to confessional and confess and start again with a clean slate. great idea, but don't complain when you need real christian to get you out of the shite - we might be too busy. maybe in confessional."
principle of authority? power is the source of authority. self-attesting and transcending authority come from the source of the highest power and that is god. the simple principle behind every transcending matter is that there is a creator and there is one highest source of power in this universe.
i'm a year older than you and sometimes feel the same way. i guess some people are mean becuase they need to take their anger out on someone. since we're young they don't thin we'll do anything about. maybe we just need to fight back to get respect.
do you mean like the tibetan thangka painting in buddhism?. where the image of the buddha or deity mandala is symbolic meaning depicting the stage or path to enlightenment?. yes these image are not ordinary art. they move the mind in subtle ways:)
"origianally, new york wa called new amsterdam becuase it wa originally settled by the dutch. year later the british took control and renamed it new york after york in northern england."
christianity is a relationship and is god's attempt to reach man while religion is man's attempt to reach god. thats how i learned it
"yes.. but a you said, a bit. you can tell it ha gone bad if you have watery substance floating on top."
"first bessem is an arabic name and not egyptian.. it can be spelled also bessam and it mean happy, smilly with wonderful disposition and welcoming.. sources: arabic first name by fatiha dib. . hope this help"
"in your dreams! see if you can find a fan club or website and send him a letter or e-mail. other than that it, will really be in your dreams."
hmmmm. i dont know. what happens if thiers a nude dude lune with a gun? then whats the biggest concern?
"u may put it in this way.............. ""what is not there to do in bangalore???"". . yup, it is one of the safest places.......! if u r careful enough, u'll be safe....."
i have often pondered the same question. they have the property of neither nut nor grapes. they will bust your teef though.
"cosmic revelation to me is the realization that in the overall cosmic scheme, we are all a small part of something that is greater than ourselves and our individual realities. kind of like comparing atom to the universe. i also believe that we all come up with our own reality based on our own terms. i suppose that is a very brief explanation."
"i'd like to be a shapeshifter (like mystique), imagine how cool it would be to be pleasing to everyone because you can change to anyone or anything that they like. plus, you can use it for employment. i can list a whole group of celebrities, world leaders, and rock star that i wouldn't mind being for a day or however long needed."
"it may sound strange but salt and pepper marries it self to fried egg better that all of the so called exotic spice ""if it ain't bust don't fix it"" but something a bit different is, rub a clove of garlic in the pan then just a drizzle of oil and fry slowly and stick in between two piece of bread and bob your uncle. ive tried it and it is just like heaven. trust me"
"because there is no money in a cure. why would any company really want to find a cure for cancer...if you think about it...all cancer charity would go out of buisness because there would be no more fundraising...then from the perspective of a pharmacutical company you have to understand that if they had 1 pill to cure cancer then they would only have one sale...but if you sell many product over a long period of time, just enough to keep someone alive but not fully cured...then you make so much more money. it sad but true."
"i don't think snape is evil. i think he is following instruction from dumbledore.. . if he were evil, though, he may not have killed harry because other people were close by, didn't want to take the time. honestly, i don't know, i have a hard time thinking he isn't evil."
"probably they are illiterate, dumb, and ignorant. i guess you could say most of them are like g.w bush with empty brain."
"the occult is referred to a the ""old"" religion... because the occult, or pagan ritual were around long before the formation of the more modern, in a sense, teaching of christianity or mohammedanism. notice how much of the ""old"" religion have been adapted by christianity to gain more converts."
hmm..nice question......y doe a round pizza come in a square box?? if we r here to help odrs den wat r odrs doing here?? moral of d story....if it raining it is....!!
"look up a shop that deal in this, in your telephone directory it come under ""i"" inner lens cleaner for milatary antique telescopes! there is literally thousands!"
"you can't force anyone against their will. i'm sure it's because you care about your sister, but if she's not going to be swayed, then she'll have to take a plunge for herself - just try to show her how happy you are with your husband, but don't force her, usually that just push people farther away."
because i like blue and i told god to make it blue for me.. plus the other reason it's blue. water and ice in the edge of space and the sun light hitting it make it look blue. or else all you would see wa black of space.
"my mom used to do that when we were kid and didn't feel well. she would boil coca-cola and then we would drink it while it wa still warm. it wa tasty and comforting, but i haven't done it for myself."
"become a god!. . clay is a natural substance found in nature, not made."
8 of the hot dog are for eating.. . the other 2 are used for the cook's personal entertainment. be that what it may.
"donia mean : life on earth... . hayat mean life.. but donia mean life on earth before you proceed -after death- to heaven or ...., just hope the best :o)"
"child run away for a many reason a there are children.. . i have met child who ran away because they were not allowed to stay up late or go to a party with friends.. . i have met child who ran away because they were beaten, tormented and teased.. . i wa accused of being a run away but the truth wa i wa thrown out of home and not allowed to return."
"frost the outside of the cake and then press the coconut in, gently, by hand. do this while the frosting is still tacky. if this is a birthday cake, be very careful when lighting the candles. coconut is flammable."
"because people have lived there all their lvies and want to rebuild, and it one of those thing that you cant really say ""no"" to without looking like a total a$$ hole and riling up tension so politician just give them however much money they want even though rebuilding elsewhere is without a question the logical thing to do. plus youd probably get called a racist.. . i could hardly tell what damage the flood caused and what wa there before, the place wa a dump to begin with"
"the clerk of the county court would maintain such records. you might have to go there and search, or they may resond to a phone call. it will probably cost you a couple of buck to get a copy."
"the movement involved diego rivera, david alfaro siqueiros, josé clemente orozco, etc. they started the movement after mexican revolution stating ""there's no other way than ours"" (no hay ma camino que el nuestro) and it implied breaking with small format painting and making a painting that reflected the struggle of mexican society to be truly independent and original, serving the educational goal set by the revolutionaries, and mural had to educate people mainly showing history and architecture, a well a landscape.. . most of the work are on mexico city's walls, stadiums, public libraries, fountains, etc."
"because we are only human and this is not a perfect world. there are too many people that hate anyone different than they are. just do the best you can and treat everyone a you would want to be treated. you can't change people that are to blind to see that color doesn't matter, it really is whats on the inside that counts."
"the average intelligence of an american is several point lower than the rest of humanity so they have to think about each word before they utter it. however, they still usually choose the wrong ones!"
you mean plantain? plantain are usually bigger and sweeter than bananas. you will find that plantain are good for cooking and taste very good.
because society keep making thing faster and faster and keep giving promise of instant result so we end up having higher and higher expectation and when thing don't go a fast a our expectation people get frustrated and impatient. people i think need to be retaught how to relax.
"it mean that if you post something that you got from somewhere or someone else, you are to give credit where credit is due. if you say someone's quote, state whose quote it is. same thing for a book quote, idea or any source you are using to state your case or prove your point."
"o'keeffe's style changed over time, a any artist's style does, but she wa influenced by primarily three forces: 1) japanese design taught her to fill space in a beautiful way and to balance light and dark. 2) european abstract 3) the american southwest desert which became her favorite subject.. . she eventually developed her own style which is both sensous and austere. she rejected realism in favor of simplified flat pattern and color harmony inspired by japanese art."
there are 3 kind of leaders. 1-one who lead others. 2-one who lead but take initiative from the led. 3-circumstantial leaders.. read the following article
"because he cannot decide what to do. his entire soliloquy (sp?) of ""to be or not to be"" is a meditation on whether or not he should act out his anger and face certain death or swallow the indignity of it all and live."
"the cause of the world being the way it is - full of crime, violence, sickness, death, war, famine, hunger, disease, suffering, pain, etc.. . because people are self-involved and near-sighted."
"in theory, having a high heel elongates the leg and creates a slimming effect,. . however, if the leg are not shapely, (i don't mean thin here, i mean correctly proportioned, no matter what the size) then high heel lose that particular effectiveness."
"houston is a big city with an identidy crisis. it is the 4th largest city in the u but ha nothing unique about it. other than cowboy boots, there is nothing special about it. they're trying to be something they aren't because they don't know what they are."
"islam is not trying to conquer the world. i do not know where you got that from. yes islam is spreading, the fastest growing religion in the world with 2.1 billion currently. maybe instead of attacking the religion you should read a translation of the quran and find out what it is all about."
"proud to be an american! i love the food here and i also enjoy trying other country foods, but nothing come down to a big ol' greasy hamburger, or hot dog with some greasy french fry and a good ol' american soft drink, or better yet, beer to go along with it! if you don't like our food, then don't eat it!!!!!"
"honolulu ha one of the lowest unemployment rate in the country right now. the trouble is, finding a place you can afford to live on an office job salary. make sure you check out the housing ads, too. you may think you're only finding the luxury rental section, but no, those are the regular places..."
"hi, i'm a trekie. how much and what state would you be shipping it from? i would like the state so i could approximate a shipping cost. thanks!"
in some country it's considered a delicacy. chewy and salty.
add salt to your water when you boil them. this make it easier to peel
"we are taught at a young age that sexuality is a naughty dirty thing. and, we feel sheepish about discussing it seriously sometimes. specially nice girl when they are young."
"i've never tryed it. it always worry me,there's something not quite right about it!"
"to me, a moment pretty much mean ""until i get back with you"". sometimes it can be a very long moment or even a short moment....just depends upon who is saying it and what they are doing at the time they say it."
"mudcat, you seem to be pissed with christians. this is the only topic you have been discussing for the past 5 days. . what happened?"
some african belief that there is some bad luck bestowed upon someone if they have ever murdered someone/ someone along their family chain ha killed someone in the past. usually you have to offer a cow a sacrifice.
"you can't be guaranteed that it will be, but when i answer question i always answer seriously!. so good luck!"
"i don't know that it impacted america's social structure, but it did give u alex haley's view on the effect of slavery and prejudice on his family and the life of other slave and their descendants. it may have made people more aware of the effect racism and segregation have had on our society."
"if you sweat, your sol but you can keep a can of men body spray at your work, breathe fresheners, lotion, and eye drops. im a professional drinker, all these are neccessary at work when pulling an all nighter."
"when green wood is cut, it ha a high moisture content and ha to season or dry. therefore it dry out faster and burn better."
it is the belief that mary wa conceived without original sin. it ha nothing to do with the virgin conception of jesus.
"exactly, why shouldn't people be vegetarians? there are many health benefit and by eating meat, you are actually promoting animal cruelty. there is nothing wrong with being vegetarian - and the vitamin b-12 can be found in green vegetables, for any one who say that it can only be found in meat."
if we have to choose i choose why not.. . it work in arguements.
"a museum is typically a ""permanent institution in the service of society and of it development, open to the public, which acquires, conserves, researches, communicates and exhibits, for purpose of study, education, enjoyment, the tangible and intangible evidence of people and their environment."" this definition is taken from the international council of museum (icom) statutes."
"i'm not concerned about offending someone when professing my view about ""society's norms"". god gave me a brain to think and a mouth to express my thoughts...and the constitution of the good old u.s. of a. guarantee me the right to do so. how else can a person ""grow"" emotionally and intellectually if he or she doesn't question all thing around them.. . those who are so ""concerned with the possibility of offending"" others may just not have the courage to 'commit' themselves to their point of view and defending this view, no matter what the outcome...people like these never ""grow"" intellectually and will always be ""wishy washy"" thinker always being ""part of the problem' and rarely ""part of the solution""."
"in the dark ages, when meeting a person, they would grip his wrist to make sure he wasn't hiding a dagger. it eventually evolved into a handshake to to show that you were a friend and unarmed."
it appeal to a section of memory. it is an art that some songwriter have.the field of music cognition involves the study of many aspect of music including how it is processed by listeners.
"togo, officially the togolese republic, is a country in west africa bordering ghana in the west, benin in the east and burkina faso in the north. in the south, it ha a short gulf of guinea coast, on which the capital lomé is located."
"one golden answer: pure ignorance!!!. when a person doesn't know about another's character, etc, ignorance swoop down like a vulture, and it is a shame!"
"i believe that when god created us, he put an emptyness in our heart so that when we ponder on the meaning of life and feel an emptyness in our heart, that is when only jesus can fill that hole. not material thing or wealth etc.. but only jesus."
"well, the important safety sign are based on shape and color (a stop sign is always a big red octagon), a are traffic lights. a far a the other road signs... no skin off my back if they get lost, so long a they yeild at the upside down triangle."
"i think by ""carrying capacity"" you mean the infrastructure or facility at a tourist destination to cater/handle the visitors.. . since your question relates to back waters, kerala, india; there appears to be no authentic measurement, yardstick or even data for established facility at any particular destination. most of the facility are under un-organised sector and it is not measurable a of now.. . to find multi-locations, you need to get to other method and to avoid dis-appointment or inconvenience you may book in advance for your trip."
i heard there really are those secret society out there and they are pretty awful. and to the guy who said it is just a book ---well so is the bible to an extent.
really depends on ur dentination ... is it worth it to fly there for free? ...
"short story are written by one person. folktale are like urban legends, that pas from person to person, gaining and losing flavor. folktale are usually spoken.. . edgar allen poe wa one of the first to write what we call short stories, in the format that we see today."
"if any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of god, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not; and it shall be given him. . james 1:5"
"iam an african-american with chemically straiten hair, and it not because i wanted to be like any one else or i wanted to have what people might call "" white people hair"" it because i felt that i can do my hair faster and better with it being straight. i dont think people should be stereotyped because the have straiten hair. i am black and very proud of it, even with my straiten hair."
it refers to the caucasus mountains. the correct term for 'caucasian' or 'white' people is 'european'. the reason that european are called caucasian is because a scientist (i think 19th century) falsely stated that the people of the caucasus mountain best represent european people. that falsehood still life on today in the word caucasian.
"well, first ya get some crabs.......uh wait, you sure you want crab salad? it make me itch just thinking about it."
how much i love you.. . it's italian.. . io como ti amo.
"eat right and exercise? if you're looking for a ""quick-fix"", there isn't one. i have found that not slouching tends to make a person look thinner."
"how many packet do you want? maybe you could be more specific when you ask.. . just say ""could i have 8 packet of catsup please?"" or whatever you think is enough."
"why do you drive on a parkway and park on a driveway?. . ah, the english language."
fact is knowledge or information based on real occurrences. truth is conformity to fact.
use your spam blocking filter to block message with certain words. then advise them that you have set thing up to block religiously oriented forwarded email because you feel you are being inundated with it. ask them to please not include you on those forwarded mass emailing and remove you from their email group lists. invite them to still contact you on a personal basis when they simply want to share life's experiences.
"coconut cake....you get a plain yellow cake mix, then after it come out of the oven poke hole all in the top and pour 1 can of eagle brand (sweetened condensed) milk over the hole so that they sink into the cake and make it moist & scrumptious! after it's cooled, spread cool whip over it, and then put the coconut on the top. very simple & tasty!"
"i don't know of persia but you asked for other culture and in argentina, where i come from, people daily invite each other to have a peacful time drinking mate. it a kind of tea which is good. you pas it around people and chat. to say thanks, people also invite them to coma have mate."
"be different from the norm and have a dark side. ok, you're weired."
not in bible. i thought the catholic stopped that practice on the 60's? maybe some still do? they are not consistent from place to place-but who else is.
"i would say totally ethically wrong for animals-the outcome is their use for food, not producing a naturally living animal, or helping the animal. however, it seems to me the major ethical concern for agriculture (other than the actual concern of contaminating natural strain with the pollen of engineered plants-potentially big problem) is actually a ""conspiracy theory"" which could easily be disproven-that someone is engineering the nutrient out of the food supply, or engineering them so le nutrient are absorbed by digestion."
"they are hoping that anyone that come into church will hear and receive the word of jesus and be renewed in him. when they do that, they will be a new creature in jesus and will not act in the way of the world which is homosexuality."
"when you dip your chip in the dip , take a bite and then dip it again with the same chip. don't do this, although it is fine, it spread germs."
"because they aren't quite sure what part of the chicken it is. it mean just what the label say ""mechanically seperated"". they get the chicken into part that are ready to be processed and put it through a machine and out come chicken byproduct."
"the answer is simple, go to a firehouse and ask to get information on training to be a frefighter. take the exam, find employment and start working. and if anyone say you can't be a firefighter, commit yourself to the american pastime: sue them! sexual discrimination is illegal, and will prove the point that a woman can be(and a great number have been) a firefighter."
because there nwo red and we are nwo white.. . look at the stars.....
"hmm? noone ha answered so i will give it a try. the first part is a kloek, the second is a stur, and the third is an ikal. yes, i know that wa stupid but i ain't ever heard of such a word in my entire life!"
they both have different ingredients. cake rise cooky are flat. cake are usually moist...cookies are semi hard..unless you burn them then very hard.lol
"touch . without offspring, the human race would disappear."
"if you were living in, let's say, the year 3029. with really good people investigating, the answer will probably be on the news. but until then, the answer remains unproven. in the future, they will probably have better technology than they do today, a so i've heard. please check your english."
because it deal with economic activity of a man living in the society. robinson crusoe's problem of wealth is not economics a he wa stranded isolated in an island without human society.
"it sound like the relationship just isn't working out. it happens. people change, get interested in different things, no big deal. if you feel you are ready to, end the relationship and try dating other people."
"not necessarily. the u.s. or any other country don't use theirs. if they are ""used,"" per se, it is a a deterrent for other country using nuclear weapons."
"it is almost impossible for a person to keep their eyelid open during a sneeze, although some rare individual report having little if any trouble doing so. the reflex of shutting the eye serf no obvious purpose: the nerve serving the eye and the nose are closely related, and stimulus to the one often trigger some response in the other."
"they are type of greek architecture. the corinthiann is the most ornate, while the doric and ionic style are plainer."
"a ""bunkush"" is a bunker soon to be found in the basement of most home in 2012. a modern day bomb shelter if you will... simply a lead crate, they are selling like crazy at home depot. this trademarked name wa created by mixing the word bunker, and george w. bush,the pioneer of world war 3."
"try using fresh rosemary and honey-mustard for the lamb. . for a simple bbq rubbing for wings, combine paprika, chilli powder and cumin."
"because most modern people are idiots. the fact that the da vinci code even exists prof that. also we have great book like ""the darwin awards"" (great couple of book if you want something to read) that prove beyond a reasonable doubt that most people are idiots."
"different people receive information in different ways. hand gesture help the people who can't process info with just the sound, for example. also, gesture can convey meaning beyond that in the word alone. many self-improvement coach will teach you to use hand gesture to become a more compelling speaker."
"i like a little hot sauce on my popcorn. try it, you'll like it!"
look at it side way by tilting your head to the right.... they are hearts... do you get it?
"liquor make you drunk because alcohol is a toxin/poison. a a poison, it attack various part of the brain and such just a other type of poison paralyze the heart or lungs."
"simple. they never did.. . . or they just decided, ""ohh i want to have wings"" and poof wing came.. but i dont believe dinosaur had wings."
"for the most part, it should not.. . but i can tell you from personal experience that you will likely feel you are missing something in life, even if you can't figure out what it is, and that will likely be some sort of spiritual connection, in whatever form you choose."
"it's not mould. it's a chemical in the banana that reacts to the oxygen in the air. lemon juice, or anything slighly acid should stop this."
the pay. definitely.. . woman definitely pay for grown men to act like children.
port-au-prince. . my bro worked there with un police .... . good luck :)
you cna't ther'es a maximum. but waht you can do is show pic other place on your site like the about me section or the personal profile
folktale are myth or ledgen while short story can be either fact or fiction. plus short story are short and folktale don't have any definite length to them.
"the upside-down trick previously mentioned work well, but it also help to roast the chicken upon a bed of mirepoix, which is simply rough-chopped onions, carrots, and celery, a ratio of 50-25-25. the vegetable themselves are not intended to be eaten, but they will provide aromatic flavor and moistening steam to the poultry. also, made a solution of melted butter and chicken stock with which to baste the chicken periodically."
the sign are all around you just a the sign of winter or of rain. look around how much more cruelty can the world stand? there are people suffering and dying right now and no one is doing a single thing to help them drought and plague and famine already stalk the world and death is reaping in like never before. tell me you don't believe the end is coming and i will thirstily listen to your word and search for hope.
there were no dinosaur left after human appeared. therefore they could not write about them.
"i think it the opposite. aggressive men are considered ""good business"" men and achievers. aggressive woman are considered ruthless bitch and somewhat considered masculine."
because there is more to the company name. if you neglect the comman...the company name may just look plain stupid.
"since you have a baby, that's a best excuse. tell them politely: i enjoy your playing, but my baby ha a problem and can't sleep and keep crying. so could you please avoid playing in the afternoon (or whatever time you don't want them to play), or could you practise in another room far from my appartment?"
because human don't look at it a destroying ourselves - we look at it a destroying 'the other'. too many human are so blinded by hate that they can't see how that will turn back onto them.
it's harder to convey emotion in writing than speaking. when speaking to someone you have body language a well a verbal communication and with writing you only have the word so it's going to take more to get the point across.
"i got up this morning and answered some question here on yahoo answers, and if the lord permit me to wake up tomorrow, then i'm gonna answer some more of life's burning question here on yahoo answers. such as, ""guys what color contact should i wear?"" lol"
"my fall out boy cd (from under the cork tree), because it help me through hard time and whenever i turn on my cd player and the music start to play i forget about everything and just zone out and feel like i'm at a concert and they're singing to me! i love that cd and i don't know how i'd survive without them, that cd mean more to me then anything else i own. i'm actually listening to them now lol!"
i think it's men-oy. (rhymes with boy)--at least that's how i'd say it.
you know what religion is a totally person thing and what ever anything you decide to do a long a you show appreciation and gratitude toward you higher being preference is acceptable. do you really think that you would be punished for one of god creations? im sure there some way to celebrate what is occurring. and besides that isnt it more of a faith situation...whereas if you focus enough energy with the proper component it shouldnt really matter if the moon is available it is still there
"well, they were here about six thousand year ago if you believe the bible.and ever picture or painting of them ha been done in the last 800 years. nobody really know what they looked like. they are strictly a impression by the painter.or artists. right."
1 hour; eastern v central time. 10 pm in pa is 9 pm in dallas.
"try to practice in morning 5am to 6am is the best time! try to learn what is chord, minor major, when suddenly 7th come on chord what note you should select try to learn!"
not true u are hanging around drama queen that like to be abused. i am not that way and i like the good guys!
"we are a nation under god, we wa founded from it.... . it is our of respect of leader of our country before us, and the great leader in heaven god.."
"think of it this way: how can a person who ha never done drug be a rehab counselor? or better still, how can a man be a gynecologist. my point is that there are many people who have devoted their time to study thing they could not possibly have direct experience with and have done so successfully. being that the divorce rate in the u hovers around 50%, married people are not exactly expert either."
there is a type of gum that come from a tree.in south and central america called chicle. people called chickeleros tap the trrees and gather it. it is then exported flavoured and packed.
the riot in france happened a while ago and there is no civil unrest at the moment. most tourist visit france in the summer and there shouldn't be any affect going forward. i would say that there is little to no affect from the riot on tourism in france.
"a syndrome in which people empathize with their captor or abuser (this happens with battered woman all the time). it develops a a form of conditioning. for instance -- you are being held hostage you hear the plight of the holder and of those holding you, there is a person that always feed you, give you water, let you wash, etc ... after awhile you become reliant on the person for your survival, and his/her plight becomes yours. think of it a a form of brainwashing."
"get your ladder out and climb on your roof top and drop it on the driveway. then get off the roof get into your car and back out of the garage, backing over the coconut and that should crack it.......enjoy."
"august is still ski season, the sun is brilliant , but early morning it can still be cool. . wrap up well, good footwear and socks, scarf, wolly jersey and warm jacket, keep your leg warm , you 'll be ok, . i hope you are going there for the skiing, still great in august, some spring snow on the sunny slopes, and some ice, but well groomed."
"1: the way they dressed two thousand year ago, it wa hard to tell a gardener from doctor. you see someone in a cemetery early in the morning, you are probably not going to think it's a pretzel maker.. . 2: christianity, and all religion deal with eternity and death, both of which, deep down inside, scare the cocoa puff out of us. note for your next board meeting: when scared people do stupid things, sometimes believe stupid things, and all run for the one locked door in a burning building."
i don't know the capital of china myself...lol. it's a sad story. i think people do that because it make them feel more powerful like if they know more than you they have more power and by putting you down it prof the power to them....people are just plain silly these days....can't pay attention to that non sense....bet if you asked a question they couldn't answer they wouldn't do that.
"a good supply company for all sort of dye is listed below. they may have naturally derived dye to order, a well a book to make your own at home."
"they are not perfect. most are ellipitical or egg shape to some degree. gravity draw everything in with equal force from all directions, so all matter is going to get a close to the center of gravity a possible, creating spheroids."
"fresh baked chocolate chip cooky straight from the oven, mmmmmmmm soooo hot but soooooo good!!!!!!"
"i'ts called an aperture. it open and close (but not all the way, just down to a pinhole size) just like the iris to your eye.. . it doesn't just control how much light enters your camera, but the overall sharpness too. a smaller aperture will make picture sharper from near to far, while a wider aperture can blur the background and/or foreground to isolate the subject that is in focus."
in baking . just add a teaspoon of lemon juice to your milk for a substitute for butter milk
"yeah, church originated a ppl with common background and belief getting together to discus their problem and deal with thing a a moral center, but now it just a way for a guy to tell u why we're going to hell. some church still offer useful advice to their followers, but there are too many that just recite thing from the bible."
"serve the jerk chicken with some sweet potato (wash and dry them, rub with oil, wrap in foil and roast them in the coal a the chicken grills) and sweet corn. that can be grilled, too...just leave the husk on. and don't forget the red stripe beer!"
why bother educating them when all they are going to do is blow themselves up anyway? i think that education take a 'backseat' because they only have one cause and that is world domination. once they reach that goal (as if!) then they can focus on education.
"it is suckling pig. a columbian dish. this site tell you all you need to know, with pics. look yummy!"
"guess what, i used to lie just like u. i lie to my bos all the time when he asks aboiut a task he gaves me. i tell him i didnt send the email bcos the file wa currupted, virus infected, disconnected from the network etc but i stopped it by doing what i'm suppose to do before the deadline. you could try that and see what happens"
"chat to other people, everyone ha a story. category are not always important."
a s**t doe everyone. a sk*nk doe everyone but you. a wh*re doe anyone anytime if the price is right.
well the number one answer we are bored lol. but many reason for me i cant answer for everyone but i can for myself i am a recluse_ someone who never leaf their safety of one home i am online to meet with people in a safe comfertable way that i am okay with so that i can still interact with society. also i met my husband now online we can shop online we can get helpfull information online read online listen to music online we can watch movie talk to stranger in other country and so many more and this is why i come online
"the general lack of responsibility, the acceptance of social norm that are not moral, the victim mentality - that all of our problem are someone else's fault. the removal of god, moral education, and corporal punishment from our schools."
"they have pre-pass installed in the truck and when they pas under the pre-pass sensor just before the weight station, they are mounted on pole similar to street light poles, if the trucking company or driver ha no history of running non-compliant a green light on the truck dash light up to tell the driver that they don't have to pull in the weigh station. a red light mean that they have to pull into the weigh station."
"put to use; ""exert one's power or influence"" . wield: have and exercise; ""wield power and authority"" . make a great effort at a mental or physical task; ""exert oneself"""
"not very much. both of them ferment in cool temperatures, but, originally, only pilsner were stored in freezers. since lager are kept that way now too, there's no real difference."
they shouldn't taste like anything unless you're letting them dissolve in your mouth. then they're just gonna taste like crap!
"i think that alot of parent think it will spark an intrest in sex that will make there child go out and try to figure out what they are talking about. the problem here is alot of the time parent either are waiting for the ""right time"" and over look it or are just tring to save there childrens ""innocents"", however if the parent do not help there child understand then some one else will and usally that end badly."
it could be french mon dragon = my dragon. i'm not sure but this is the best explication i got.
"the sky is beautiful, but cloud are just water vapors. how doe a tree grow? photosynthesis. knowing how something occurs doe make it le beautiful doe it?"
"according to the pawnee indians, the world wa created by the god tirawa who assigned to the star the task of supporting the sky. moreover, some brighter star were in charge of the clouds, the wind and the rain in order to ensure the fertility of the earth."
where the hell have u been?. . i think u need to get out more
to have someone you love and be loved back!! that is life and being alive
"everytime differently. it is true.it all depends of the situation.when i am with my friend (who have great sence of humor),i laugh so hard that my belly and my cheekbone hurt! and,again,i say it all depends of how fuuny it is."
"they don't really taste like chicken. it may be similar, but if cooked right, they taste different. the texture is also different. it is just a common analogy to say they taste like chicken, a it is the closest comparison."
"she is really trying to correct her image, and the pregnant body is normally a beautiful thing. she really want the public to see her a she really is. everyone need to lighten up on her."
"it's the ""witching hour"" because that's when the naughty fun tends to happen! =0)"
"he wa god's favourite because he displayed perfect detachment. for absolute happiness , you should be able to free yourself from this world and all earthly stuff...that is detachment. if you ask me he wa building up a v.good account / balance for himself in the next world...smart guy i must say.so i guess we too should follow his example and start doing some social work and detachment practises to make up for a better account in the next world."
"in different manners. the first contact with indian wa by a better class of european. they managed to get along ok. later, dealing scoundrel and greedy men without honor, like president jackson, were disastrous for the indians."
"well, you have to remember their face, and repeat in your head the name they just told you, not just brush it off like they were talking about the weather or something.. . ""hello, my name is john."" just picture his face and think, john, john, john and then maybe something about him that make his name stick to his face."
"examine all things, hold fast to what is good.. to me, it means, holding on to what is good, right, and just.. check out everything by god's word and stay grounded in what is good."
to all who said tomato is a fruit just b/c it ha seeds..... what about peppers? cucumbers? these aren't fruit.
"they have post traumatic stress disorder, and havent figured out how to handle it yet. this is just one way to feel like they have control over their sexuality and how they cope with the incident itself. they also probably dont feel any self-worth anymore so they dont see the point in having any self-respect for their body"
"simple, all you need is a blond girl, the rest come naturally.. play a game with her: tell her if she can manage to inflate the other part of your face with same amount of air blowing your left side, she could slap you on the right side too."
"simple enough, do not over cook the fruit, add plenty of pectin.. i don't have a recipe to hand should be able to use the same weight a for any jam."
"i magick wand!!. . (make special note of how a weirdo spell ""magic"")"
"same reason most of the bible ha not made it into history books. if any such event took place, it is not verifiable... or, it didn't take place at all. this is much like the noah's ark story, where there are 4 different site being looked at that claim to be the spot of noah's ark when the water receeded. also, sodom and gamorrah, there are several site people claim are these 2 infamous city (oddly enough, the bible claim they would never be remembered again... yet, here we are talking about them.)"
"is a stone landmark used a a milestone or directional marker by the inuit of the canadian arctic. inuksuit differ from some cairn in significance. the arctic circle, dominated by permafrost, ha few natural landmark and thus the inuksuk wa central to navigation across the barren tundra."
"any extreme belief isn't beneficial to anyone. i agree with you that everyone should have an open mind, listen to all sides, quit trying to convince everyone else and just be level headed about things. it doesn't mean we all have to agree with one another!"
"what do you get for the man who ha everything? isotoner gloves? i think not. there is not much you can do for an omnicient omnipotent except to safe guard his creations, namely the earth and it's inhabitants.....so...don't polute."
iam not sure about your recipe. i have not heard before. sorry couldnt help
"the company think having so many ingredient will attract new costomers. ""hey let get pepsi....no, dr. pepper.........23 flavors! mmmmmmmmmmmm!!!!!!!!!!!"
because it is the middle of the work week. when you get to wed. you are over the hump and on the downside of the hill to the weekend.
"you can't.. irating, isn't it!. i especially hate it when they send you all sort of abuse and then you can't get back at them."
"because teenager go through the toughests time ever....they are starting to get indipendent fromtheir parents, trying to find their own individuality.. so the parent are being replaced with their peers,a nd they all try to find a group of equal peer to belong to, because the world is a scary place all alone, and also because teen who are too different then the rest get picked on and bullied terribly. give them a break...you were a teen once too im sure?"
"we live on this earth because we have chosen to come here, to learn something specific that can only be learned on earth, under our own unique set of circumstances.. . peace!"
"because the woman who go in group to the washroom are extremely social in outlook and don't want to miss a chance to chat and gossip and the others go along to make sure they're not the subject matter of that washroom chat-fest. the men for some reason always seem to think they're being talked about but that's their insecurity kicking in.. . in actual fact, it's just to keep each other company."
"since a google search doe not recognize it at all, it most likely doe not mean anything. or, it may be a word made up in a book; in that case the book will tell you what it mean in the story."
"wow, 2 question in one night? chocolate make me fell like wherever i am, i'm home."
"laid back, loving, loyal, aloof but affectionate. like to nap! instinctively know when and how to comfort a friend."
not all of the egg shell are white. there are also brown egg and even bluish eggshells.
"why did you have to go make me hungry for the deliciousness that is taco bell?!! yummy value meal of 3 crunchy taco with a pepsi and an order of nachos, i could use your tasty goodness right now! =d"
"i bet you mean a ""sazarac"" cocktail; this is a mixture of rye whiskey, not bourbon, herbsaint or pernod, but herbsaint is the new orleans version of this licorice flavored absinthe substitute, simple syrup, pechaud bitters, shaken with cracked ice,poured into an old fashion glass. it is insanely intoxicating. so sip it. top with a mint sprig and a twist, drink from a straw, listen to jelly roll morton and his red hot peppers, a delicious straw bonneted creole gal beside you, if you're a guy, an natty shark of a guy in a panama if you're a gal!"
most suitcase sold are with in the guideline set by the faa. you are allowed to check a bag that is up to 62 linear inch which is lenth + width+ height and 50lb or le for u domestic flight and some international depending on the airline. some int'l airline still accept 70lb for each bag. southwest is the only u domestic airline that accepts luggage up to 70lb each for free.
"because they feel a if th other race will not understand their culture, and therefore assume the couple will nnot work because the family isnt famaliar with the other person. it all about famalarity. and indian are very traditional.."
"i don't , would like alittle more money then i got though.. . the bible say it hard for a rich man to get to heaven..... . i guess because he should of helped god people that wa hungry and without home ect..... . you better read the bible for yourself, it been awhile since i read this.."
"rudeness, definitely. with all of this anonymous communication, we're finding it easier and easier to disregard the fact that we are talking to other human beings."
"a gay pride parade is just a celebration for being apart of a group of people that often get disciminated against, a you can plainly see from the neanderthal answer you've received thus far. there are parade for almost all walk of life, just to promote togetherness and comradery amongst the group, becasue there are so many narrow mind and bigot out there. it's kind of a way of reassuring others that you are not alone, etc."
the human mind doe 22 billion calculation per second. it constanly monitor every single nerve cell and function of the body while dealing with our external environment. it will be approximately 5 to 10 year before a computer will be able to exceed this capability.
"the liquid reacts with the container and change the flavor. this is why glass is the preferred container for wine, glass is nonreactive."
"wake up, jesus is calling on all of you. open up and be saved from your bondage, cast your burden upon him those who are heavily laden, come to him all of you who are tired in carrying heavy loads, for the yoke he will give you is easy and the burden is light, call on him and he will give you rest.. . the war is over, the light ha shown, the truth revealed, so don't be late for the journey is approaching it end."
"if movie actor looked a plain a others, they'd have to rely on their talent alone. and let's face it, a lot of them would be out of a job then."
"you need to see an immigration lawyer.. if you don't have money, call the immigration, and ask them about the procedure, or you can go on their website."
"the full phrase is ""hair of the dog that bit you"". it is most often referred to when talking about the use of alcohol a a hangover-cure."
england is ace. the best sense of humour in the entire world.. and our woman have the best as**s.. the weather pretty rubbish though-but at least it give you something to talk about at bus stop with old people.
be a lert - your country need lerts!. . :)
sorta like blue...but kinda like pink...and it's so sweet. and kinda slimy...
to be proactive is to act before a situation becomes a source of confrontation or crisis.. . this mean you are looking into the future and looking for obstacle and taking care of them before they become big issues.
gosh.. ur not even dead yet how can they be walking over your grave?.. just go see a dr.??..good luck take care...!
"it is a euphamism for giving battle or resistance to nature.. if you have a disease that will claim your life and you combat it with medicine or technology - you are resisting nature.. . you ""fly in the face of god"""
sadness and boredom. i think that's the mix that make a person want to drink. and for all of you who say to do something different......... don't judge until you walk in someone else's shoes. :)
"oh really?!?! i am persian! thank you .i think that's right, really!!! i am not saying this because i am persian no , because i know and i see alot persian people that they are smarter than the other"
"why's that a problem? of course, unless there's no money in the checking account (that would b diff.) people can pay how they want, and not everyone can go evey week."
"because raw meat is very fragile! bacteria easily develop there, with the temperature change! actually the only way to save it is to cook it first (you kill the potentia bacteria) and then refreeze it!"
"if you have a pop-up blocker, it's blocking the video player from popping up. hold the control key down while you click on the link to the video and it should pop up."
"magnum opus (sometimes opus magnum), from the latin meaning great work, refers to the best, most popular, or most renowned achievement of an author, artist, or composer. for instance, don quixote is the magnum opus of miguel de cervantes; in search of lost time is the magnum opus of marcel proust; leonardo da vinci's magnum opus is the mona lisa. it can also refer to an individual literary or artistic masterpiece."
huh? i think more detail may be needed here.
lol just stop acting like a kid !! :-)
"they are very nutritious, full of vitamin and minerals. however they are also high in calorie and fat and so while it is good to include them in your diet, you should be careful about how many you eat per day."
faith and hope will eventually be fulfilled. but love is forever. love is truly the greatest thing that we can aspire to.
"that's an easy question. since the zombie is already dead, all you need to do is tie it down and sew another zombie head on it. once you let it up, shoot it."
"the idea of freedom of speech wa meant to protect those who had differing opinion on religion, or political views, and the like. nowadays, people abuse this freedom, not just expressing their opinions, but being emotionally abusive to others. it is just a sign of the times."
yeah. find another place to party that aint so brutal!
"the answer is unfortunately that we are wired for conflict. resources, pride, and religion combine to create conflict that last for centuries. while it's possible to have period of peace, it's unlikely to last long. someone will gain power and someone else will want it and it will be the follower of these people who will pay the price."
"it all about racist....every one on this planet is equal...blacks..whites...hispanics,,,,chinese....all alike... so it not uncommon to see black with white..white with black..withe with mexican....its call love your brother and sisters...and btw im white and im going with a mexican and i love her very much"
marseille basil is a dwarf variety of sweet basil. it's know for it high production of quality leaf in a small space. well suited to container growing.
certain chemical are realeased in the brain and cause different effects. the imbalance of these chemical is what is believed to be at least part of the cause of certain mood disorder such a depression and anxiety disorder
"find people who enjoy doing the same thing you enjoy.. . if you don't enjoy anything, well, that's a problem. life is meant to be lived, and doing stuff you really love is key to that."
"a friend is someone who can see your fault and still love you, a friend is happy for you when you win, and hurt for you when you lose. a friend always want the best for you, is never unkind, but will tell you the truth when you need it. they are kind of like a grandma, but your age."
airplane. it is the quickest and most cost efficient.
the lemon from my tree at home are just a sour a the one from the store. chance are the variety of lemon tree you have produce sweeter lemons.
"check with the american consulate, and hopefully you have a lot of money. you will need to go through a lot of proper channel and get proper documents, get all the equipment, supplies, and a good location after doing research to find one. there are lot of rule and regulations."
because there are some spanish people. if it automatically went to english it -might- be troublesome.
treat others a you want to be treated. because that's the basis for living.
